id,title,clee
gs0wyu,Hunger games Sept with guns... And knifes. (Name: gun hungry),"So, You spawn in a area, Circled with everyone, Then once You spawn, You run after guns... Then once you get a knife and gun, You find out a team is infiltrating the Place you found/stayed, You have a choice. You either run or you stay and fight, then (after Whatever you do) You find people, people that wanna team up, Yet if You find the wrong people... You could die. No game over, You play as a different person. (With each different strengths and weaknesses) If You survive until the end, You can keep playing different story's (meaning: different people's stories) Or end the game there.   \n\n\nI'm not a game dev, so maybe someone could do this? Cause I don't wanna be like Yandere dev because, I'm not good at codeing..."
gs09p3,The wide cast of Nintendo as a full-fledged and connected RPG world,"Think about it. There's a bunch of heroes, and even villains that you can use and recruit.\n\nIt would basically be like Subspace Emissary, but as a full RPG, with level ups and character stats and customization and everything. Another game I could relate it kinda to is Project X Zone, which involves Capcom and Bandai and such worlds all colliding together.\n\nEspecially since a bunch of new characters have been added since the World of Subspace. Seeing all of them together and traversing the worlds would be so cool, as well as interacting with each others.\n\nObviously the biggest issue would be licensing and not getting a CAD from Nintendo, but I still feel like this should some day become a really cool game idea."
gry9qp,Please I need someone to make this game. Im begging you.,"I have an idea for an RPG about an archer who time travels to the ""steampunk"" era. I have more to the story but I really need to talk to someone personally about it. Please"
grx4wc,BMOC Big Mouse on Campus.,"Not sure about the perspective but you play as a mouse living in a highschool your basic goals include food, water, and comfort. \n\nFood is timer-based your metabolism requires you to eat a set amount of food so a lot of your play is finding food sources. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWater is also required but at a rate that matches your exertion. Walking and eating don't take a lot of energy running and jumping a little more so you will need to drink more often in certain situations.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nComfort comes from items, Nesting items, furnishings bits of this and that each valued once placed in your home. the more comfortable your home has the slower your metabolism rate is the less you have to eat and the more time you have to wander.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWandering while your not desperately searching for food you are all about investigating the lockers and finding new comfort items in the kid's stuff.  The lockers can be pretty straight forward find a way to climb to the different shelves to get them whatever. The higher the more technical the climb the better the reward. \n\nYou have a timer. you need to be back in your hole by the time school opens or the game gets brutal as the kids are walking up and down the halls and you have to avoid them and keep to the shadows because if someone sees you it's a bunch of stomping feet.\n\nAt higher levels, you can choose to go out during the day. But you have to stick to a locker your in if the bell rings and deal with the chance of being found out. \n\nYou also have all the other vermin and insects to contend with. Spiders in the lockers fleas that try to sneak home with you and mess up your comfort.\n\nWhat else? Craftables, little tiny weapons and climbing tools to scale those cowboy boots and angora sweaters."
grwdvg,"Mortal Kombat, but all 80's characters.","With the recent release of RoboCop and The Terminator for MK11, it got me thinking about how bad I want Snake Plisskin to fight Max Rockatansky, or Freddie against Johnny from Cobra Kai. I know the licensing alone would probably cost more than the development, but hot damn what a great game idea!"
grvexp,A 2.5D platformer,"Often the technique of using 3D models in a 2D platformer, like the New Super Mario Bros. remakes for Wiiu and 3DS, is referred to as 2.5D, which is about the visual inclusion of 3D elements retaining a 2D axis in game.  \n\nOther games, like Fez and Paper Mario, have taken platformer into 3D worlds by utilization of rotating axis, giving the player access to new frames and information, unlocking whole areas and transforming how they interact with the world.  There is the additional element of rotational axis that gives access to a technically three dimensional world, but because that third axis is fixed and not truly 3D, still locking the player into largely 2D perspective and platforming within the world.  \n\nMy game idea is simply a combination of the two.  Utilizing a mild isometric perspective paired with traditional 2D platforming gameplay, but branching paths available throughout the level leading into the background and foreground, which you can see extending ahead and behind the player character throughout the level.  The assets could be 2D or 3D, it doesn’t matter, you can fake isometric 3D using tricks like they used in [NUIM](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/57x7n3/really_cool_fake_3d_in_gamemaker_by_the_creator/) if you want.  \n\nPrimarily the hope is to create a navigable and interactable world, the illusion of an explorable 3D space that the player can visualize and feel that they are in a traditional 2D platformer that feels familiar to control and play but that utilizes what are essentially intersecting grids of lines to sell the illusion.  \n\nObviously you could wrap whatever aesthetic and story you wanted around this concept to make the platformer unique and your own, it’s just the idea to use level corridors that link up at orthogonal axis to make grids and then using an angle to convey that information to players so it feels like a space available to them and to be able to plan and navigate a more branching and complex world."
grs5io,FPS Shooter with 500 guns and more,"I’ve always had this idea to make a game that had a wide selection of weapons ranging from flint lock pistols and muskets to .500 S&amp;W and .50 BMG and including some odd ball weapons in as well. It’s only multiplayer and every time you win a match you win cash you use to buy weapons instead of unlocking them. Also have a gun smithing like option, so if you want to add a AK folding stock to your M4A1 you buy a conversion kit to do so. If you want to shoot 7.62 rounds out of your M4A1 you buy the conversion and if you wanted to add a tac Lazer and scope to a Musket again buy a conversion to do that. Also would like to have have traditional bows and cross bows and have a funny idea where you could add a Silencer to a bow just to be funny. Basically it’s a game about guns and I would call it Weapons Of War"
grqyig,Small Game Ideas,"I'm making a game with small games in one. So far I only have two but I wanted a few more. There is two buttons, one for player 1, and one for player 2. In one game you shoot arrows at each other and in the other you mash the button to build power and after 8 seconds (or 50 clicks) who has the most wins. I'm having trouble with what you can do with one button per player and what I would do visually."
gropty,The 100 Survival Game (spoilers of the show),"This is a game based on a tv show. after a nuclear war 97 years ago 100 youth criminals get dropped on earth from a space station (the Ark) to see if earth is suvivable. The plan was to drop them on Mount Weather but theyre dropped on the wrong mountain, after a travel to the mountain they find out theyre not alone (a grounder threw a spear through their friends chest) for the further info watch the series."
grnwie,one abilty man,"its mega man 11 but you start with all boss abilities and you can only use one of them per level when you go into a level you will have to choose what ability to use in that entire level, once chosen you can refill if needed but you cannot swap out of it and if playing with two or more everyone playing starts with half of there normal health bar and full health if playing with one person other people cannot choose the same ability  and there are no check points if playing with two or more people and only two people can use the double gear at a time and only one person can use rush coil and rush jet at a time there are alternate colours for each designated player: P1 is blue, P2 is red, P3 is green and P4 is yellow there is more info coming soon and each post about this game will be flaired intermediate because of mega man 11 not being that hard"
grc6r7,I need help improving this game idea,"so its an MMORPG where you are place on a random spot on the map and have to gather materials and fight monsters. \n   so you can collect metal scraps around the place, then you can go to a blacksmith and turn the metal into weapons or armor. instead of having multiple types of armor, you can upgrade your armor by adding more metal to it.\n  You can also eventually gain the ability to create your own spells by picking out a projectile type, then picking an element.\n  Right now the game seems like it would get boring pretty quickly, any ideas on how to improve it?"
gr9c0g,Musician Tycoon Game idk,"Musician tycoon game. Start In a crappy apartment with only a studio and couch. You can write songs which takes time(maybe 5-10 minutes) and they go into an unfinished song folder and you can name and pick the genre and feel of the song (happy, sad, etc,). You have counters that show your total fans, social media followers, and money. You can use your money to promote your upcoming music before you release it so you get more listens. Other artists can contact you for a collab. You can also make an album which takes much longer than a song (maybe one or two days). The songs and albums cost money to release (album costs a lot more) so you have to strategize based on how many fans you already have when to drop and album bc you could lose money. Also maybe you can adjust the time you work on the album and that determines how many people will listen to it. After releasing an album you can go on tour which costs a lot of money (again, you have to strategize when is the right time to do so) and when you go on tour the game gives you maybe 15 available cities, and it shows how many fans you have in each city, and you pick 5 cities to tour through. This number can increase the more fans you have. Throughout the game you can also use money to buy new houses, studio stuff (increases the quality of your music which increases how many people listen to it), cars, clothes, maybe a pet. Eventually you can be nominated and even won Grammys."
gr8rj3,What are the best penalties a game can give players?,"I would like to know everyone's ideas for the best penalties a game can give to players, as in, least annoying and most fun to deal with. Most games resort to a game over, loss of in game currency, or less good rewards if any."
gr7pvo,A mobile game where you make mobile game ads for the game.,"They can range from actually serious to stuff similar to the average YouTube ad, to literal shitposts"
gr6w9c,Prison Escape Game,Was just scrolling through my steam library and had forgotten about the escapists. (Top down prison escape game) and thought of an idea to make a game similar. Are there any mechanics or game play features that would differentiate my game or is there no point in trying? I'm not looking to sell thousands of copies just want to get a new game out with a few levels to gain experience. I kinda suck at art and have a hard time realizing how much art is required for a given game. Any help or ideas would be awesome!
gr4l7d,Gun slinger cowboy tournament.,"Game starts with 100 players tournament\n\nTwo players per match, stood at different sides of a small map facing away from each other.\n\nYou can only look around not actually move.\n\nGuns are loaded with a single bomb bullet if you don’t shoot within 3 seconds you die.\n\nWinner goes to next round.\n\nIf no one dies or both blow up they leave the tournament.\n\nThere is no countdown between rounds after each 3 seconds the next round starts.\n\nThe first round while people connect is a loading screen but the game starts without warning."
gr2xm2,My dream VR AI game,"\nimagine a game where it’s VR but u can still see your at house and stuff by using Ai technology, and it was just like Pokemon go but in VR so u can actually fight and catch the Pokemon, Everyone just in there local parks and streets and there able to see each other and trade Pokemon and items and fight and u can see each others Pokemon, this is my dream game and would love to see someone create this, this would be a mobile game so that you can use the headsets that u slide your phone in so there’s no wires, if anyone is actually serious on making a game and likes my idea please contact me on Instagram at no_legs_art I have a few places I have already spoke to so if you are serious Dm me fast thanks"
gr2j5s,Foley-Boy: A game based on recording sound effects,"The idea is based on a teenaged boy who dreams of becoming a foley-artist. For those who don't know, foley-artists record the sound effects that are added into film, television, and video games. But it is common for foley-artists to use unusual objects to record their sounds. Example: breaking watermelons for a punching effect, hitting coconuts together to make the clip-clop noise of horse hoofs. \n\nSince my dev skills are basically non-existent, I imagined the game being a top-down 2-D roleplaying game, similar to Pokemon or other games of the NES/SNES era. You start off by recoding sounds for fun, experimenting in different ways, completing small quests for family and friends. Maybe a local band wants a cool sound effect in their upcoming rock album. Or an elderly man in a coma can only be awaken by the sound of the sea (but you live in a town in the mid-west). \n\nAs the game progresses, you start getting requests for short films, games, and larger projects. You could also unlock better recording devices to get sounds that weren't possible in the beginning (very quiet sounds, or sounds from very far away). Eventually you face-off against your idol, who is the world's greatest Foley artist. He doesn't want to be removed from his throne without a fight. \n\nThe whole idea is absurd, but the game could have a tongue-in-cheek type of humour about it. There isn't much in regards to levelling and progression (aside from better audio equipment), but there could be complex dialogue trees that require certain types of communication skills. But the biggest draw to the game is experimenting with sounds and objects in the world. When you submit your sounds to complete each quest, the sounds are given a grade, and certain quests require a higher grade than others. Quests could have multiple approaches to completing based on all the different sounds you could try and record. \n\nJust an idea I've been sitting on, but may not ever act on. Would love to hear some feedback! :)"
gr0wny,Dungeon Hoard,"A physics-based dungeon runner with user-designed maps, traps &amp; obstacles.\n\nEvery player has their own dungeon, and at the end of the dungeon is their hoard. The idea is to create physics-based traps and puzzles to protect your hoard. Other players can raid your dungeon, and if they get to the end, they can carry out a portion of your hoard. Similarly, you can raid other peoples' dungeons and add to your own hoard. If a player dies in your dungeon they leave behind any treasure they brought with them. You can buy new traps, obstacles, etc with money from your hoard.\n\nIf you've ever seen the show Wipeout, it'd be a lot like that. Ragdolls galore. It's the perfect level-builder's game for creative designers, and a content-rich game for people who love obstacle courses."
gqz9g5,You wanna share your craziest game ideas ???,"Hey everyone, I’ll go straight to the point. I’m a computer science student and would like to learn unity over the summer.\n\nI’m on my way to develop my first mobile game. What would be your craziest ideas to implement in a simple and fun little game ??\n\nLet’s do something dope"
gqz2ow,Spell casting game using pronunciation,"Your given a spell book with different types of magic.\n\nThe main goal is casting each spell, but your only given the words to it. You must use voice commands to cast the spell by using the correct pronunciations.\n\nOrc spells may require extra emphasis at the start of every spell and will always end stretched out eg: wargh: WA-rrrrrrrrrgh\n\nSpells could be in order with increasing difficulty or;\n\nSpells could be randomised each time the game starts, and failing a spell cast five times will restart the game. \n\nEndless possibilities and could even create new letters to be deciphered."
gqs0nl,A 1v1 only FPS game,So I’ve had this idea and I have the time and means to do it. I wanted to make a FPS game where you can host matches or join them. Winning a game would gain you trophies. Beating players with higher trophies gives you more but beating players with lower trophies gives you less. Basically think of a PC game that uses the ranking system of for say clash Royale but with the gameplay of cod.
gqnroq,Twin stick Clothesline game,"Here is an idea for just learning game development. Create a game where you control two avatars connected by a ""clothesline"" the player controls both avatars with separate dPads or via couch co-op. The goal is to hit enemies with the clothesline while avoiding the enemies attacking the individual avatars.\n\nDevelopment steps:\n\n* individual avatar control\n* Enforce clothesline distance between two avatars\n* Create static enemy\n* Have clothesline detect if it hit the enemy and apply damage\n* have enemy detect player and apply damage if it is close enough\n* Implement enemy death\n* Implement player death\n* Set Loose condition if either player dead and give option to reset level\n* Set Win condition to all enemies dead\n\nBonus\n\n* Moving enemies\n* Enemies that shoot projectiles\n* Enemies that need line of sight to spot the player\n* Enemies that patrol a set of way-points\n* Enemy and player walk and attack animation.\n* End of stage triggers load next stage\n* Boss battle\n* Game ending\n* Intro splash screen\n* tutorial level\n* sound effects\n* power ups"
gqmow8,Game without a humanoid character in 3d,I can 3d model and program but i am hopeless at characters i am looking for a game idea it can be any genre for my next project i have a lot of trouble with art and keeping with projects so i nice idea that doesnt need a character ( human/animal/similar ) that you use to play.
gqlcou,"You can heal your health, but not your injuries.","So let's say you broke your leg, you can get the health you lose back, but you can't fix your leg and now you have to deal with it the whole game."
gqjet4,Groundhog Day horror game,"I was thinking of one. Something like Hotel California.\n\nIt’s a stormy night. You are out on the road returning back home after an oversea job. Finding a nice hotel, you decided to stay for a night. Everything look warm and welcoming, but during midnight things start to change. Now you have to escape the place.\n\nFollowing idea from u/PatrickRsGhost\n\n“You can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave.”\n\nYou finally escape, drive down the road, but end up wrecking.  You come to, only to find yourself back at the hotel.  You try to leave, encountering various demons and ghosts, until you finally escape again, but once again you wreck, and wake up back at the hotel.  Each time you try to go into different parts of the hotel.  The ballroom.  The maintenance closet.  The boiler room.  Some of the executive suites.  No matter what you try, you end up back in your room.  But every night you're given a clue as to how you could possibly actually escape, and when you wreck, you wake up...\n\n...In a hospital bed.  That wreck was very nasty, and you were in a coma for about a month.  Your spouse is there to take you home.  The doctor clears you to be discharged.  You're wheeled out of the hospital into a wheel chair, you get in the passenger's side of the car, with your spouse driving.  You're driving down the road, and..."
gqiyy6,"Arkas, a game about ruling a country as a Dictatorial Kingdom, while the world slowly Liberalises","So this is my second time posting here. ironically my first post on reddit was here. \n\nSo the game. You are the Regate of Arkas Major a country that has recently been split in two my the Arkas civil war. After seizing total power in the country the war ends. \n\nAs the postwar years continue the citizens start pushing for plurality and democracy.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe main point would be power or kindness, but the twist is you know that the republic is secretly scheming to star the war with Arkas Minor again."
gqi7sq,"RPG/Action/Adventure video game idea that I always have thought, dreamed and pondered for a decade.","So, this is weird to say, but this idea started as a dream in my teenage years, when I still have time to play very long story-based RPGs like Dragon Age: Origins and Baldur's Gate. I have dreamt of this sporadically over a decade, I even tried to write a whole backstory that was eventually lost to a failed hard drive. I am hoping that someone can pick this idea here.\n\nSo the backstory, a story about a relatively forested continent (like Ancient Germania) filled with magical creatures but primarily ruled by two separate nations at relative peace, elves and dwarves. Elves ruled most of the forested lowlands, druidic in nature but also build vast forested cities, like the the Germanic barbarians in our time, only that these elves are not migratory, but sedentary. Dwarves ruled most of the hilly and mountainous highlands, being experts in carving and taming the earth. Other creatures like nomadic centaurs, fauns, dragons, both tamed and wild, also exists both in conjunction with the elven and dwarf states. Some are living in proto-states like tribes and city states, though not as widely encompassing as the elves and dwarves. Think tribal/migratory/city-state Europe before Rome. Also both knew primitive forms of magic, elves in commune with nature, dwarves with earth, rock and metal.\n\nI know, a little bit cliched, but bear with me, I am only around 17-18 at the time.\n\nThen in the desert coast at the south came a few black ships spewing black smoke, carrying humans from another continent. These humans are never-before seen in the continent, both in legends and myths, so all the other races are baffled. Through magic, the humans explained that they are an industrialized society where magic is rudimentary but never properly honed, where industry surpassed it. The continent that they have been from was destroyed from an unknown catastrophe, and they were the only ones left. Others have purposely been left behind due to the lack of ships and fuel for the journey. They have been at sea for years. Few precious cargo and factory components were salvaged, as the ships they were on bore survivors, food and water, but little others.\n\nSo, pitying these several hundred humans, the elves and dwarves let them settle on a small coast in the deserts, trading with them to help them survive. They are also in awe of what the humans say about industrialization, but never took it for themselves for they are already self-sufficient. \n\nSo decades passed and the humans grew more numerous. Industries flourished, and while both elves and dwarves abhor the consumption of nature by the human industry, they are actually benefiting from the trade with the humans. Soon elves and dwarves also adopted some of the technological marvels, albeit very slowly, and also attempting to meld their magic with the human tools.\n\nHowever, tensions rise as the resources the humans need to grow dwindled, as they were also given just a stretch of the arid southern continent as their territory. Through favorable treaties with the elves and dwarves, soon the humans start pushing north towards the sacred forests of the elves and the hills of the dwarves. The elves soon wise up, and eventually forbid the humans from expanding their territory. The dwarves however, still are willing to trade with the humans due to the industrial potential it possesses.\n\nFor several years this has continued, with the humans negotiating with the elves and the dwarves for integration with their societies and access to bountiful resources, and the latter factions trying to obligate the humans through trade instead, which of course is not enough for the human industry to be reborn.\n\nA great tension happened when a son of the human ambassador to the elves is revealed to be the father of the unborn son of the elven princess. Though inbreeding already happened between the other races in secret, it is highly sacrilegous to elven laws, and since the half-blooded prince will also be the heir to the throne, this puts the elven court and high-king in a dilemma. Their future rule will be jeopardized by human influence due to the heir's father. As such, the human ambassador is put in chains, the elven daughter will be put to death along with the unborn heir, which is disinherited. Though the son escapes to the human kingdom due to elven symphatisers. \n\nWar started when the human city states demanded the return of the half-elven prince. This is also political in nature as the possession of the prince allows them leeway in the elven court, and in turn, more resources. Elves declared war as well, and goaded the dwarven state to do so. The latter said no, but the human city states grew very greedy, and citing the decline of trade contracts with the dwarven-elven mines, declared war on them as well.\n\nBy now, let's say that the humans were at the early stages of industrialization, and the elves and dwarves are at Roman levels of civilization. The 'ancient' races were pushed back again and again due to superior human arms and artillery, as well as more efficient human tactics vs the overwhelming numbers of the latter. However, with the halt of trade and lack of general resources, the human industry begins to falter. Lack of manpower contributes as well. Though the conflict devolves into a stalemate as neither the humans can defeat numbers nor the ancients can defeat technological superiority.\n\nA breakthrough eventually happens as the elves and dwarves began to use rituals to form metal/rock/nature binded golems powered through half-human souls. Though this is abhorric to the eyes of the few, most of the elves and dwarves eventually hated humans, even half ones, due to propaganda. Many are willing to turn in neighbors to be converted to golems, while symphatizers are eventually executed. The tide turns as the golems are fiercely loyal to their creators and are totally impervious to human arms, and because the human industry halts due to lack of resources. They are eventually pushed back to one city state, desperate for survival. Eventually it falls, and the humans went back to their almost initial numbers when they first came back to the continent. Pitying the humans, the elves and dwarves were offered to set sail with whatever ships they have, never to return again.\n\nThe son of the human ambassador to the elves survived, leading the survivors to the unknown. The half-elven prince and the princess' fate is unknown. The half-human golems were eventually sealed in the last human city, a testament to the countless lives ended by the conflict. Surviving half-human settlements eventually intermingled with the ancient races, the racism and prejudice watered away by the departure of original humans.\n\nHuman cities were razed, but artifacts and books were eventually codified and stored as part of history. Centuries passed and the civilizations in the continent progressed to medieval times using human codexes and books, though more slowly than the ancient humans. Human ruins are being scoured by scholars for more knowledge.\n\nIn a human ruin, an elven scholar accidentally reactivates the last intact half-human golem and releases it from its elven bondage. Prejudiced due to his/her last memories being of torture, the golem murders the scholar, and fueled by a voice asking him to render the humans service one last time, embarks in a journey.\n\nSo backstory ended, let's get to the mechanics.\n\n\nThis is an RPG/Action/Adventure game, with a rich backstory but a very linear path. Think Dark Souls or Blasphemous. You are a golem, a suit of armor to be exact. Your story is to journey to whatever the voice in your head tells you to do, all the while interacting with whatever comes across. You can make allies along the way which will help you in your quest, but also enemies due to the fact that you are a released half-human golem that authorities may think is on a path of rampage (according to their history codexes).\n\nThe first half of the game is a cliche. You have a main quest, side quests, inventory. Though because you are a suit of armor, your body will chink away every time you are damaged. Once say for example your legs has been whittled by enemies, you have little choice but to repair it through patchworking it with different armor pieces/scrap metals. The only way you can 'heal completely' is to find ancient dwarven runestones, which can also upgrade your armor. Elven runestones however bestow you powers like a shield every minute or so. I am not good at game mechanics, so please help me here.\n\nEventually, you get to your destination. You find the ancient elven princess in a time stasis with the ancient half-human/elf baby prince. She's been communicating to you as you are the last relic of the bygone age. She tells you that with the centuries passed, magic has been 'leaving' the world due to advancements in technology (which is why the ancient humans possesses so little of it), her power is waning, and she needs you to bring the child to the human ruin that you came from at all cost. She lifts the stasis, gives you the baby, then dies. You bury her, then the game eventually goes from 'childy' to 'dark soulsy'. \n\nNow here, the last half of the game, the game mechanics gets tricky. To be able to transport the child safely, you need to put her in your armor. The elven princess bestowed you with a new spell that puts the baby in time stasis, impervious to any harm, as long as it is in you, the armor. So you need to back where you come from. The path back becomes more dangerous as the elven and dwarven authorities find out what you are doing, and eventually sets upon all those who helped you in your path, and doubles their efforts to destroy you and the baby. Much worse, you must take care not to let the baby die at all cost. If you chink out most parts of your body, then the baby will take damage. Think of the Rot mechanic in Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. Only that this leads to a game over once the baby takes enough damage.\n\nAt the end, if you survive, you go back to the city ruins, and eventually encounter an armored blimp, out from which comes a scout, a descendant of the original son of the human ambassador to the elves, direct descendant of the baby you are carrying, who kills you because he thought you are one of the elven/dwarven weapons from the history books. He looks at the half-elf/human ancient prince, then roll credits.\n\nWhat do you think of this story for a video game? I actually see it as a sidescrolling game like Blasphemous or so, but please, lay on the criticisms/reactions."
gqhjje,Seeking for unique Game ideas,Im a Indie dev so send me your game ideas and ill see if i can make them come true
gqhbuh,"I'm working on a new game, but I need a name."," I've been working on a little project for about a week or two now, and I still haven't thought of a name. The game itself is a third-person shooter, survival, wave game like COD Zombies or Gears' Horde Mode, but instead of having Zombies and Locust, it's with Robots, which gives me a lot more creative freedom with what types of robots I add. Right now the only types of robots are suicide bombers and gunners, but I do intend to add a lot more types of enemies like a one that is cloaked until it comes near you and then it'll strike, or a huge robot that is a brute of sorts. I also intend to add a Co-op feature, but I'm designing it so you should get the same amount of difficulty with friends, or without them. I'd be glad to answer any questions or ideas you may have."
gqfmbu,I need ideas for a 2D side scroller game,"i recently got back into developing games and need ideas for a game to make, i already have the basics like character movement and a way of creating levels i just need a plot"
gqedxy,Warning might be a little offensive,911 was planned by the illuminati leaders bill clinton and jfk it was planned back in 602 bc after bill nailed jesus to the cross a few weeks before 911 hired the cia to cover 911 and all there othet plans up but one agent refused and stole the cias secret time machine and went to the year 35xx and saw a horrible world taken over by the illuminati with propagands everywhere cameras everywhere and nobody had freedom and he saw 911 wasnt all that happend after 911 they killed the president they bombed the empire state building then they used the blood of all the people they kidnapped and killed and with a computer they fuzed them together with black magic to make the machines and they use blood to power up all the future technology then the agent stole some lazer guns and went back in time to show the truth to the people and expose the goverment but he has to fight his way thtough the cia and illuminati buldings to find the proof he needs to show to peopleand then fight his way through the main cia/illuminati building to play a video showing all the proof on all tv channels and used the trime travel technology to play it on all televisions and phones and computer through all of time
gqc0ur,Why haven’t we gotten any open word games set in Ancient Rome?!?!?!?!?!?!?!,"You’d think this idea would be an obvious given. So many people would love to see Ancient Rome come to life. I don’t get why we haven’t seen a game yet. Hopefully we’ll get one this upcoming generation since the new consoles are extremely powerful. \n\nAnd no, Assassins Creed has not done Ancient Rome. They did Rome in the 15th or 16th century, which is a COMPLETELY different animal. Completely different culture, people, architecture, completely different city entirely. AC Rome was late Middle Ages christianized Rome when Rome was apart of Italy, not when Italy was apart of Rome."
gq5h1x,Gordon Ramsay VR cooking sim where he berates you,"I’m talking Hell’s Kitchen style rather than cooking nightmares, etc.\n\nMultiplayer where you and your friends are line cooks and have to serve a night whilst Gordon Ramsey gets in your face and has different reactions depending on your success or failure.\n\nI hope I’m not alone on this"
gq52sc,Mechanic Idea: Spaceship battle with ARPG system,"From what I've seen, spaceship battles fall into 3 categories: 1. full real-time action, 2. turn-based, 3. RTS-like.\n\nis it possible for a system similar to Final Fantasy XII or Dragon Age: Origins to be implemented in a space game?\n\nYou can pause the battle and assign target and manually pick the commands, like ""Fire"" &gt; ""[Weapon 1]"" or use some kind of item ""Shield-Jamming Drone"", etc. and when you resume the battle, your spaceship will carry out those orders in real-time. For some basic commands like normal attacking / firing with basic weapon, your ship will carry that command continuously until you issue a different command or the target is destroyed.\n\nMaybe you can even maneuver your ship manually, but the commands will still need to be issued inside ""Tactic Mode"". Doesn't even have to completely stop the game, probably enter a slow-mo?\n\nThis can still give you the spectacle of realtime action with the strategy of a turn-based battle, and can also give some manual control over other allied ships.\n\nwhat do you think?"
gq2owz,Hard-boiled noir FPS set inside a computer,"A hard-boiled noir FPS with a focus on detective work in addition to combat, set inside the hardware of a PC rig. Imagine a grittier version of the movie Osmosis Jones, but swap the human body for a computer, and the living cells for active programs. I suppose human users could be seen as Gods, since they are never seen, but their commands can influence program activity.\n\nThe player would embody the personification of the PC's antimalware, depicted as a gruff, somber, fully robotic Inspector Gadget.\n\nThe core gameplay loop would involve patrolling an open world neon city (less Cyberpunk, more sleazy 1950s Chicago mixed with Tron) for suspicious activity, repairing minor program glitches, and sweeping virus scum into quarantine. This activity could work similarly to the random crime encounters in the Batman Arkham series and/or Marvel's Spider-Man. Successfully completing these encounters could somehow provide the ability to upgrade tools and weapons.\n\nIn addition to that, there would be varying campaign missions to push the narrative forward. The plot would involve elusive spyware -- depicted as a villanous spy -- teaming up with a worm -- depicted as a robotic scrap metal version of Spongebob's Alaskan Bull Worm -- to leak your user's private details and destroy the computer before escaping through the internet.\n\nThe spyware would serve as a villainous mastermind, ganging up less significant viruses to keep you busy, while the worm would act as a randomly destructive force that distracts you and takes time to detain/destroy. The worm keeps cropping up because it has the ability to copy itself, and the spyware always escapes -- until the end of the game, when you can defeat him/her.\n\nThoughts?\n\nI realize there is a lot left unexplored. Different NPC programs are interesting to consider. Each would have unique personalities, abilities, and jobs based on what they are to the user. Photoshop (or a knock-off parody) could be a suave artist with an art gallery of digital paintings. Google Chrome (or a knock-off parody) could be an obese nerd munching on RAM bits all the time. Firefox (or a knock-off parody) could serve as a robotic animal companion with access to online information. Many possibilities here."
gq211f,a puzzle game based off those pin art toys.,basically the game takes place on a giant pin art toy where you have to use a item to rise and lower the pins.
gin8v0,Unfair platform duel,"You're playing a 1v1 melee platformer battle. Only a 2-3 successful hits wins you the battle, but the loser gets a power up or new ability. \n\nWhen the loser wins a battle later, they lose all their power ups (or maybe just a few?) and the new loser now gets upgraded instead. \n\nMultiplier for wins in a row against an upgraded opponent.\n\nSome power up ideas:\n\n- Larger hitbox for attacks\n- Smaller character\n- Faster movement\n- Higher jump\n- Dash ability / longer dash"
gin416,"EU4, but with a procedurally generated map.",Instead of being strictly historical/realistic.
gil88z,"A vision restricted, puzzle platformer.","Howdy y'all!\n\nI had an idea pop into my head a few days ago, and I wanted to get some outside opinions on it.\n\nThe main idea is that your vision is restricted to your characters eye level and everything below it. Anything above your characters eye level is greyed out and not visible. The way you work around your vision restriction is by rotating gravity, and allowing different parts of the map to go below the main characters eye level, thus making it visible. Throughout the game, you collect some sort of power up or reach a check point where things in the greyed out area start to become visible or the entire area of which you can see expands to allow more to be visible. \n\nObviously it isn't a super fleshed out idea as of yet, but it was more story oriented in my head. As more becomes visible to the main character, he starts to realized the grim reality that he actually lives in and sees that ignorance is bliss. \n\nAny thoughts and opinions would be appreciated."
gikzbu,Action/Horror game: Night of the Vampire,"This game would be in the style of uncharted/ minor rpg  in terms of gameplay \n\nYou play as Robert Watson a veteran of The US Civil War (Union side) Robert has been searching for his younger brother for 3 years. He one day received a letter saying his brother is in Eastern Europe Transylvania to be exact. Robert travels to Transylvania and discovers the town his brother disappeared in is ran by a powerful vampire and now Robert must kill the vampire and his minions. \n\nSemi open world: some parts need to be unlocked \n\nWeapons: you have rifles pistols sabers daggers crossbows stakes \n\nSpecial items: holy relics, garlic,silver and gypsy charms which provide a variety of unique stat boosts like quicker loading higher jumping more damage resistance.\n\nDay and night cycle: vampires won’t appear during the day and are actually very easy to kill during that time compared to night time in which it’s frustratingly hard thing to do. As Vampires are vulnerable in day expect a lot more of their guardians \n\nEnemies : Gypsies, dogs, wolves, zombie,werewolf’s, acolytes and vampires\n\nThe areas are the train yard, the village, woods, the caverns and tower Dracula’s village Dracula’s castle"
gigkih,Evolving MOBA,"I was on reddit and saw this fanart of a digimon game while waiting for a league of legends que and thought of what if digivolution mechanics were applied to a MOBA. \n\nI'm gonna be using digimon since it's a concept i know a lot about, but it could work with anything if you put the time and effort into making a crazy amount of characters and insane amounts of lines for each. \n\nThe base of the game is like any other MOBA, a 5v5, 3 lane map, and a whole bunch of characters, but the base rooster is just in-training level digimon (koromon, tsunomon, etc). Each digimon would have 2 normal moves they all share, probably 1 skill shot and 1 auto-click to deal more damage, but also have 2 exclusive moves along with a unique passive that plays into their role. \n\nAs the game goes on, you earn money where you cam spend in 3 places. The first is to buy attribute coins. Attribute coins give tiny boosts to a stat like attack or attack speed, and any digimon can get them, but the more you buy of each, the higher they cost. The second place you can use money is to upgrade your skills to make them better. With a certain amount of money and attribute coins, you can evolve your digimon at certain levels, which changes your from (koromon to agumon) and gives you an increase in stats and gives access to a new move which can replace one of your other 4 moves. \n\nThis process continues all game, but based on whihc evolution line you follow, the game is completely different. Imagine 3 different games where someone plays tokomon. In one game, he becomes angemon mid game (about 10 minutes in) and becomes a solo carry. Or he decides to go parrotmon; a rookie with no only 1 form after who would probably have a lot of high power and scaling due to not having the utility that someone like angemon who has 2 more forms after; making him a high threat early game who can change the entire game, but fall off late game. Or he becomes kokatorimon, a line that crosses with the yokomon or the pinamon line depending on who you start with, meaning two players can end up with the same characters but with completely different movesets and stats. \n\nI'm new to this forum and really just had this idea and needed to share it out and hear someone elses oppinion on it"
gielg3,Monster Collection/TCG Game,I've always felt that monster collecting games combat felt too easy  but have still always find this itch to play them. My idea is basically Pokemon/TemTem meets Hearthstone/Slay the Spire.\n\nThe idea I had was a game where you would be in an open world MMO where you run around collecting monsters. Each monster has cards unique to them but you're also allowed a pool of common cards which can be used by any monster you've found.\n\nEach monster set would have more powerful cards that you could unlock by PVEing/PVPing and gaining levels. Maybe even have neutral cards that can be unlocked in the same manner. \n\nI'm not sure if an idea similar to this has been attempted or brainstormed already but I just thought it was a fun concept. I'm sure the undertaking of multiple monsters/cards would be a massive undertaking but fun idea to me nonetheless.
gidan7,Fatty Royale,"The concept is simple. You vs. a bunch of other people are racing to the top of a tower, desperately trying to get away from the rising lava below. There's multiple pathways to the top, of which will randomly reset with increasing difficulty each level (ie. smaller platforms or more complex routes). Here's the catch, the only weapon you have at your disposal is various types of food ranging from healthy to unhealthy. Each time a player gets hit they become fatter which eliminates certain routes for them and since this would be a third person game it makes platforming sections exceptionally harder due to blocked view from your voluptuous rolls. You also have to manage an energy bar by constantly eating. Healthier foods will keep you full longer and reduce the amount of weight gain however they also do less weight gain ie. ""damage"" to enemies. While unhealthier foods while much more damaging are also damaging to yourself. \n\nWeapon ideas:\nHealthy: Carrots, thrown like throwing knives. \nWatermelon: Essentially a gigantic explosion but with a significant time between attack and eating.\nPeashoot: Shoot peas at your enemies or into your mouth. \n\nUnhealthy: \nTwinky: Shoot splurts of cream into your enemies mouth. \nPies: Thrown like frisbees\nIce Cream: Scooped and tossed in arcs leaving a temporary slippery zone. \n\nAs each character is progresses they burn calories in excess to what they can consume however as soon as they get hit this changes up the game and it can become impossible to shed those unwanted pounds. But fret not, there's one final solution... defecation. If you can afford the time to stop and you think you won't get bombarded with attacks a player can choose to defecate down some excess weight, though beware this will leave a trail behind you for a short period of time that other players can use to track your movement. Toilet paper doesn't come frequently on the tower so what did you expect!\n\nFinally, once the surviving players have made it to the top of one level there will be a circular platform. Here they will be able to run each other off the edge with no consequence. Smaller players won't be able to move the fatter players nearly at all whereas the larger players will comically toss other players aside. This is entirely just for fun and no player still trying to get to the end of the round will be affected. Once the lava gets to the circular platform or the final player either falls or makes it to the top then the next round begins to generate and you start again. Remember, only one can survive. Survival of the fittest or fattest? That's up to you."
giby06,"""Disney's Motorama"" - a crossover of the Forza Horizon series and the Disney Pixar's Cars franchise.","Xbox Series X exclusive. Developed by Playground Games. Published by Microsoft Studios.\n\nRating: UK - 7, US - E10+ (Mild Language, Mild Violence)\n\nThis idea is an open world racing game taking place in the fictional Motorama Festival.\n\nThe open world map ranges from Carburetor County to Los Angeles, California.\n\nYou can create your own human avatar; male or female. You can even make them wear special costumes (The Mandalorian, Stormtrooper, Captain America, Frozone, Master Chief, etc.). They will be voiced, whereas the avatars in the Horizon series didn't speak.\n\nThe game will be story-based, where you compete against other racers to become the Motorama Champion. The story will take about **24 hours** to complete!\n\nRace modes included: Circuit, Sprint, Scramble, Trail, Drag, Drift, Pursuit (Street races including cop chases!). Weapons can be included, with the exception of drift and drag events.\n\nBattle modes include: King, Infection, Flag Rush, Slayer (taking out players using weapons)\n\nWeapons included: **Machine guns** (fires rapidly with limited ammo), **rocket launchers** (1-3 rockets), **oil slick** (blind players view), **spike strip** (flatten a racer's tyres to slow them down, but they will get reinflated after a few seconds), **EMP launcher** (slows down a player when locked on successfully), **shield** (protects you from attacks for a few seconds), **impact mine** (causes massive damage when run over), **homing missile** (heads straight for the leader and wipes them out), **EMP shock** (causes an electrical shock-wave on all other racers and wipes them out)\n\nThe game will have 16-player online multiplayer, featuring 8 v 8 team adventures, and D-class and C-class adventures will return.\n\n**Nitrous** will be featured, equip it on your car and squeeze it to get a boost on the straights!\n\nThe game features over 800 cars from over 125 manufacturers. There are also over 100 characters from the Cars franchise, spanning from all 3 Cars films. (details to follow)\n\nThe game's soundtrack features 9 radio stations, including a Spotify radio station where you can integrate your own playlist into the game! (details to follow)"
giarnn,Multiplayer Loot-Based Beat'em Up,"Most Beat'em Ups are notorious for lacking content. You play the main game once and that's it. You can play harder modes for the satisfaction of beating harder modes, but that's it.\n\nI think a multiplayer (ideally online) Beat'em Up with replay value would be great. I imagine a loot based system similar to Diablo or Monster Hunter. Players could lobby and decide what mission to do based on the loot they want. There could be varying loot based on difficulty. Maybe even a permadeath mode like Diablo"
gi984n,A Zombie Shooter,I was thinking about a little zombie shooter platformer with interesting mechanics and many weapons \n\nSo i need ideas this game is 2D with bad graphics (if u draw i could hire you but i cannot pay cuz i am broke) and no scroller screen. IT DOESN'T MOVE
gi9096,https://youtu.be/G7dp9zZKf-c,Now you are able to fuse Slimes into new forms! Next week we will create more Jelly Producers..Jump into the series guys!💎💥
gi8fxg,A survaival game but with strange prehistoric animals,A survaival game that is realistic no levelling systems or anything like that just yours ability to survive and gather resources. But the world is full of the strangest prehistoric animals like the hassts eagle or the moa.
gi7l71,SCP: RESURRECTION Game idea (not related to the series),"This game has a large open world story where you play as a SCP and have to save the world by defeating the Scarlet King and his Armies you can also make bases and discover old SCP sites as you travel the world fighting the hordes in order to Save the world from the Scarlet King and send him away to another plain of existence \n\nThe multiplayer will start with a Battle Royale PvP mode but we will be adding more SCPS and modes long after the release and we always take criticism and feedback from the fans of the game\n\nThere will be much more to add later on so comment your idea and DM me so I can invite you to a Discord Server where people interested can talk and do anything related to the game\n\nIn terms of feel of the game it would be like a mixture of SCP , SUBNAUTICA AND FORTNITE \n\nSo get to writing down your ideas as once I have enough feedback in about 6 months worth of feedback then I can start the Kickstarter for the game and we can all have a great SCP game\n\nNote: The game is open world and made in Unreal Engine 4\n\nSo just DM me I'll invite you to Discord and we can all exchange ideas and then I can start the Kickstarter to get this Dream a Reality!"
gi5j65,A Bioshock and Prey type game in a cyber-punk setting,"You are one of the few un-augmented humans living in the city caught in the middle of a horrible attack that left the augmented people insane, some of them are just assholes, but most of them were driven insane\n\nThe goal of the game is to escape the city, all the while avoiding the insane residents in the city, rampant robots, and gangbanger cockbites\n\nThe choice to augment yourself is present, but doing it runs the risk of whatever is effecting the others to effect you"
gi4g8f,"A team management shooter a la ""Suicide Squad""","First off I understand that this kind of game is not suited for an indie startup company but rather a big gaming corporation, but I just wanted to throw the idea out there.\n\nYou start as an agent for a department tasked to capture class-S criminals. As you apprehend these criminals, you are given the option to recruit them onto the field for missions, in return for a shortened sentence. These criminals would have unique skillsets and abilities to be used in the field, as well as unique personalities.\n\nYour agent's relationship with these criminals, as well as their relationships with each other, are dynamic, which would affect how they perform in the field, or whether they agree to go at all. For example, if criminal A has a bad relationship with criminal B, A can purposely compromise criminal B in the field and in turn the whole operation. If A has a good relationship with B on the other hand, he may go as far as take a bullet for B.\n\nThe main gameplay is a semi-open world, either random-gen or premade, and your pre-op prep would consist of the team's entry point, positioning, and extraction point. In the field, you would have the ability to give orders to your less-than-innocent crew. Whether or not they listen would be up to your relationship and their personality.\n\nWhen a criminal reaches the end of their sentence, they may elect to join the department instead of going back to their former way of living. This would also depend on their personality and relationship with the agent."
gi34ap,A cel-shaded Mortal Kombat-like fighter,Cel shaded blood just looks so satisfying to me. Something like how it was done in No More Heroes\n\nI think a 3D style isometric fighter could possibly work too.
ghz9iz,"Most wicked, disturbing game idea-- a short horror game.","As the title implies, Im looking for something quite wicked, yet short, quite unfathomable, leaves you scratch your head after finishing the game.. something like September 1999...\n\n:)"
ghy6ld,"Fps with headshot only kills,but with a catch","Your head starts out hilariously small,but the more damage you take the bigger it gets,the bigger it gets the more powerful you are\n\nBut more prone to headshots.\n\nThoughts?"
ghw5u8,Zelda-ish game for girlfriend,I'm quite bored so I'm thinking about making a simple zelda-ish game for my girlfriend as she loves the zelda games. Anyone got any ideas for a relatively short game that wont take up to much time that I can make?
ghu7nj,Need idea for gameplay in a factory surrounding,"I need some ideas for a multiplayer co-op game in a factory surrounding where a nuclear disaster has happened, it is a small map with mainly two locations. The factory is infected with zombies that will spread in the factory surrounding all the time. I need some ideas why the players need to go back and forward to the locations… I thought about a power generator that needs to be keep running, but then I asked myself…why it should be running? For turning on the lights outside (there are already some games with this gameplay)? Then it also needs to be dark all the time, that could be an option since the game is not meant to be with a day/night cycle (or should it be?). Anyone has an idea for a (new) gameplay in this setting?"
ght7ow,Metroidvania meets the Great War meets... Saint Seiya,"Metroidvania game where you play as a soldier and must fight the TotallyNotSaintSeiya's Gold Knights with your guns. Over the top dialogue, flashy boss fights, light platforming elements."
ght095,A little league sim where you can only encourage players.,"This would be a baseball management sim primarily, but with live games you watch.  As coach, you can't control players, you can only cheer them on with encouraging words--or push them with abusive words.  Your impact on the players' emotions is the primary game mechanic.  Will you be a great coach the kids love, or a mean coach the kids fear?  Parents' reactions would come in as interactive cutscenes, and the camera may cut to the stands at times during games.  As coach, you'd also struggle with alcoholism since your wife left you and took your daughter.  It would be a serious emotional family drama of a baseball sim.  At the end of the game, there are many possible futures for the kids on the team, based on your actions as coach.\n\nThis is kind of an art game, or novelty game, because it's all about the (procedural) story.  You could play to win the tournament, but your team is not very good and is unlikely to ever win.  Winning the tournament would be the most difficult ending to achieve.  This game would be more about how you feel and the relationships you form with your players and their parents, and maybe about mending your failed marriage or at least remaining in contact with your daughter.  Stopping drinking would also be high difficulty and a rare ending.\n\nI see using a lot of the mechanics of relationship sims (dating games) and visual novels, but it would not be very text-heavy at all.  Despite it being all about the story, it's not a game you read--it's a game you play."
ghshtb,An animal survival game,"How about a game where you can play as several types of animals. There'll be several different categories, and you'll only be able to play as a few animal from each, while you can unlock more through various means, which will be explained later. Animals will have abilities based on their species. The categories will be explained below:\n\nCarnivore: Large animals who eat meat. You'll only be able to play as these two at first:\n\nDog: Mans best friend, which is able to, among other things, act cute to either get food, run, or surprise attack. \n\nHouse Cat: Small cat which can fit through small places and climb trees. Is an expert hunter, and can also act cute.\n\nOmnivores: Usually small animals who eat meat, plants, or insects. You'll only be able to play as these two creatures at first.\n\nMonkey: An expert tree climber who can throw feces at enemies.\n\nRat: Small creature who can fit through the smallest holes. Can also infect enemies.\n\nHerbivores: Large Creatures who eat only plants. You will only be able to play as these two creatures at first.\n\nHorse: Fast mammal who can trample enemies.\n\nCan't think of a second one so.....\n\nAviary: Small or Medium flying animals who eat worms and small mammals. Can fly, which gives them evasion, but also makes you a clear target. You can only play as these two creatures.\n\nPigeon: The rat of the sky. Not much to explain.\n\nSeagull: The pigeon if the sea. Not much to explain here.\n\nInsects and Arachnids: Tiny creatures who eat other insects, plants, and food. You can only play as these two creatures at first.\n\nAnt: Can walk on walls and roofs, is able to summon other ants to aid in the attack or defense.\n\nGrasshopper: Larger insect. Can hop around and fly.\n\nAquatic: Creatures that live in the water. Only these two are available.\n\nPisces Small fish.\n\nPiranha: Small fish with razor sharp teeth.\n\nYou can unlock other creatures by reaching a certain levels with the creatures before them. I.E: If you reach level 10 with a dog, a wolf is unlocked.\n\nYou level up by killing, eating, and surviving. You can also be taken to a zoo or adopted as a pet, giving you easy living, with some risks.\n\nPlaces you can survive in include Cities, Swamps, Jungles, Deserts, Oceans, and more! \n\nYou'll be hunter and hunted by several species. Humans included. \n\nMultiplayer included, meaning your buddies and you could be the African Big Five or the Chinese Furious Five. Or you could both be pets.\n\nHumans aren't playable.\n\nMating is not included. If it is, it must not be shown or heard.\n\nYou'll be able to choose several game modes,  such as choosing to start as a baby or adult, and choose where you spawn or randomize.\n\nAnyone interested in making a game like this?"
ghn0yf,Id like help with puzzles for my game Locus Verto,Hello everyone im looking for a few level ideas for my game Locus Verto. A puzzle game like portal but you can only switch with objects to complete objectives. If you have a game mechanic i would  need to add feel free to share. And ill make sure to give credit! Thanks in advance!!
ghkr8d,So I came to get a couple of ideas.,"I'm making an FPS. (It's here:  [https://gamejolt.com/games/gundowngame/495027](https://gamejolt.com/games/gundowngame/495027) )\n\nI have done the basic Unity tutorial, but I want mine to be unique. The problem with FPSs is that they're all essentially the same: kill or be killed. I want some platforming, a bit of gun battle completed with some RPG. Any ideas on how to tie it all together?"
ghimc2,Need some game mechanics idea,"Hey guys, can you share some game mechanics ideas for a game related to mathematics and messages encryption? thanks in advance."
ghilc7,Rat simulator,Live the life of a rat\n\nEither be vermin that spreads disease or just be a little scavenger in a big world\n\n*will add more when I come up with more*
ghhl3j,"Rock'em Sock'em Robots, except they are the size of skyscrapers and you pilot them from inside the head.","You directly control every joint in your mecha arms with the levers, switches and throttles in the cockpit. Every action looks almost like it's in slow motion since the machines are so huge and far away; but when a rocket punch barreling toward your cockpit, the hands are so huge it looks like a building is flying at you at two hundred miles an hour.\n\nThe scale of it all would look most impressive if done in VR."
ghgh03,"An RPG Game that forces you into encounters where you're severely underlevelled, and have to gain the upper hand through mechanics and cheese strats","Just thought that since a lot of games are level dependent, why not a game where you're never the right level.\n\nThe story could be like ""the gods of the world despise your existence, and throw you in exceedingly impossible missions in an attempt to kill you"" or something like that. Then with your ingenuity and situational awareness, you win the fight anyway"
ghga9b,Zombie game,"I’m brainstorming an idea for a survival game. It’s online multiplayer and everyone starts out human but slowly turns into a zombie, and you can only delay it by using hand sanitizer but you have to search for hand sanitizer. If you’re too slow to find hand sanitizer, you turn into a zombie. But you can still play as a zombie and try and infect the other players. I’m asking for feedback and what you guys think?"
ghd4ye,A cartoon cat game,I have many ideas if any one wants to make it pls message me i can help because i can model and do simple coding
ghd4h3,CARTOON CAT (by trevor henderson),I think the idea of sound design because cartoon cat plays music would be really cool where hes hard to see until hes close so instead you need to listen for the music and try to ecscape a abandoned building idk i just thought of this
ghby3y,Bully Remastered,Not sure if I could post this but I was thinking of the PS2 game called Bully to be Remastered if anyone doesn't know what Bully is just watch it on YouTube so I don't have to explain what it is.
gh9k3f,A realistic world war 1 shooter,"As described before world war 1 has no recognition at all or has little recognition compared to its well known sequel world war 2.\n\n\n\nSimilar to battlefield one , my idea is that for the campaign there are multiple stories following many soldiers in the different armies and regiments of world war one. However this time its more gritty and realistic than ever.\n\nThe first story could follow a french,british or german soldier in the trenches and your goal is to prepare to rush the enemy trench and take the small part of land. And the troubles are that many of your men either have trenchfoot,diseases,suffocating in thick mud or just dead from starvation or mustard gas inhalation. You are constantly pummled with mustard gas and sometimes the enemy even rushes you a few times and instead of a game over you have to retreat to the trench before while making your way through no mans land.\n\n\nThe second story you could be an african american fighting with the harman hell fighters in suicide missions and you often witness your team being brutally murdered or under racism from other regiments full of whites.\n\nThe third story could follow the tale of a russian soldier stuck on the front lines and too afraid to run as he would be shot. And around this young man could be the horrors of war and having to deal with killing for the first time.\n\n\nThe fourth story could follow a Japanese bomber pilot assisting the Army take the nearby german islands to help the eastern countries and he gets shot down and has to bare surviving on his own with a single pistol stranded on a german island and insanity drives him to the point of suicide because time could take its toll.\n\n\nAnd the final story could be a german veteran gunning down the allies until christmas day which could have a cutscene lasting up to at most 20 seconds to show the player how fast time went on that faithful day. And then they go back to being pummled with mustard gas and mortar fire.\n\n\nThe first multiplayer mode could be around 20 minutes long and one side has to take or defend their trench while  being pummled with gas and mortar fire. This mode could be called\n“Trench warefare” with up to 80 players\n\nAnother mode called “flying  artillery” could be surrounding dog fights and you have 10 minutes on a 10v10 round to kill as many people as you can.\n\nMaybe a third mode could be called\n“Giants of war”\nAnother 10v10 mode where one side has to either rush or protect a command post or an occupied town with tanks and the players rushing have to take the objective through many different ways with these machines.\n\nAnd maybe there could be an open worldish mode called “frontwaters” where players can control boats of all kinds and also deploy aircraft plus the players could control machine guns , torpedoes and even mortars. And the match wont end until one team has all been killed.\nThis mode could be up to 100v100 players!\n\n\nWhat do you readers think?\nThank you for reading through this behemoth of an idea for a game. 😄\nAlso im on an iphone so sorry for spelling mistakes"
gh5xzz,Help with finding an engine/programm/model pack etc.,"Hello,  \nsince a long time ago I have that urge to create a relatively small survival-horror game that turns into a shooter in the end, the concept, story and pacing completely stands and is ready to be transformed into a small, maybe 1-2 hour long experience **but** I'm missing resources.\n\nI'm not the best in 3D-modelling and certainly have no experience with any engine, I'm not aiming for a graphical or gameplay masterpiece but it should be playable but as it stands now I have no clue how to turn my idea into a game.\n\nI don't have any models or basically anything besides the ideas (which to be frank contains a rather WTF-like story), I looked up multiple engines, I'm stuck with Godot, Unity and CopperCube but also took a long glance at an old 2000er programm called FPS Creator whichs seems to be perfect for my idea (to an extend) but I have no experience with. I don't have any experience with all of them.\n\nWhat are my problems exactly?\n\n* I have no engine\n* I have no models\n* I have no experience\n\nCan anyone in anyway help me out (verbally) with those problems? Where to get my models, which engine best to use etc.?\n\nSorry, if my problem sounds generic."
gh4ion,I need inspiration,I need an idea for a new and exciting video game \nAny genre is fine im just at a loss for ideas\n\nWhat are some tips for ways to come up with ideas \nOr what are some interesting mechanics i could play around with
gh4e4x,I need an idea for a game that can be developed by 1 person,Im a brand new game developer i need some ideas for my first game im completely lost at what i should make pls submit some ideas for a single player game
gh1g7x,The Metropolitan Police: An Open World Game Where You Can Develop Your Career As A Police Officer in London.,"You start as a newly recruited police officer. Getting basic training from driving cars, defusing situations with members of the public, being a bobby on the beat and discovering London.\n\nBut you develop your career path. Will you just be a career beat cop. Solving petty crime and being popular in the local community. Will you be a bad cop, taking brides from the underground and throwing your weight around. You will take a high profile murder investigation, which leads you all the way to Downing Street and Buckingham Palace.\n\nSorry, I've just joined this subreddit to tell all about my gaming idea.\n\nI was thinking having different storylines. From breaking up petty fights in the pubs, crowd control at North London derbies (Arsenal Vs Tottenham football/soccer matches), and helping old ladies across the road.\n\nTo going undercover, high speed car chases around London and solving murder cases."
ggxoub,MOBA with skill options?,"Typical MOBA games limit their chapions/heroes with 4 to 5 skills but that's fine. Is there any game of the genre that tried making a mechanic that let players pick their skill from a list of choices?\n\nFor example: Characters can only have 4 skills but there would be 6 different skills to choose from. In this case, the player would be able to obtain 4 skills and discard the remaining 2.\n\nAnother example: Upon levelling up, the player would have an option to either pick skill A or skill B.\n\nJust a idea. Thanks for reading."
ggx1e1,Ideas for a Text-based game?,"I learned yesterday about Batch programming, and have learned most of the basics. Now, I just need an idea I can test on."
ggw2xp,Low Poly 3D Proc Gen Post-Apoc RPG With Base Building,"Despite what the subreddit's description says, I'm working on this game right now and fully intend to keep doing so for years to come! I'm developing a 3D RPG with base building elements and a low poly art style (think Runescape with pixel art textures) and I'd love to hear this community's suggestions!\n\nMy inspirations for this game come from Dwarf Fortress, Underrail, Neo Scavenger, Rimworld, Caves of Qud and Kenshi.\n\nMy current idea is that cosmic beings arrived at Earth, awakened the ones that were already here and began an invisible war with each other that drove world leaders mad to the point of nuking themselves into oblivion.\n\nThis game is inspired by Dwarf Fortress so it'll have different ""ages"" of progression where different events mark the beginning and end of those ages.\n\nFor example, the first event is the fall of the nukes, which could start a nuclear winter for 10-20 years, covering every tile of the world map in snow and preventing anything but indoor farming.\n\nEvery age should have at least one crisis, like the creation of mutants, which would occur due to some of those cosmic beings doing experiments on human beings and breeding them, and would be the first non-human factions to appear in the world, with different abilities and perhaps better able to defend themselves without tools.\n\nYou'd play through the life of your own character until they met their demise, either from old age or external factors, but the world wouldn't be deleted, which means that you could keep playing with another character, continuously going through these ages. I haven't decided if there's an end point yet, or if you could go on theoretically forever.\n\nYou won't be limited by being a single person against the wasteland though, so you'll be able to join forces with NPCs that can become party members who are able to receive indirect orders in combat, or settlers who will populate your settlements.\n\nSome age defining events could be player-made. I was thinking about how information is so widespread through the internet and how due to the comforts of civilization we can afford to specialize in certain fields while relying on others for food production, so perhaps one such player event could be the resurgence of the internet, or to start with, a radio network so that you don't have to actually go to a settlement to get its status.\n\nI want the player to feel as if they're their own RPG Dungeon Master, creating and expanding the towns that they'll eventually explore and the factions that they'll befriend or go to war with in another character's shoes.\n\nI'm well aware that while those ideas might look good on paper, most of then will probably be difficult to implement in a practical amount of time, but I'm brainstorming and seeking inspiration, so no idea is a bad one! I will pick and choose what goes in as I experiment and see what works out.\n\nThank you for reading, and I hope you have a lovely morning/afternoon/evening!"
ggvfbx,"""Asymmetric Type-Chart"" Collectible Card Game Idea","I noticed something strange a while back, you know the Pokemon video games, and how their type chart is set up. I like to call this an asymmetric type chart, since each type is effected by others in a chart where each type isn't essentially the same as every other type with a few exceptions. Each type is unique from every other type in a complex web of strengths and weaknesses. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI was surprised to see very few games, digital or physical, pick up a similar system when adopting a type chart. Some game's type charts are basically symmetrical, like a simple triangle or a combination of simple geometric shapes (eg fire, water, wind triangle plus light dark line and a neutral type, all of which are pretty much simple type charts put together). Other games go for creature based effectiveness, even including the Pokemon Trading Card Game, where each creature has unique strengths and weaknesses not determined by their type they mostly use to attack. I've always found this lack of an asymmetric type chart to be strange outside of Pokemon, especially with its success. Perhaps its too complex to remember for most games, including card games, but it shouldn't be too hard if you scale it back a bit, lets say to ten types, and you allow a small chart to be brought into games.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo I then created my idea to have 10 types that all are either neutral, hit 2x, or 1/2x to each other type, and just because a type hits something 2x, it doesn't have to ""resist"" that type. This creates 100 possible type interactions, and I thought about making each card, or creature/monster/character, have  exactly two types, which would spice up exactly how things hit other things and create interesting synergies. Each card would have a cost (a completely different idea I might explain in a different post and its mechanics would be unique to this game, but its doesn't have to do with the type chart), an ability, which can basically be whatever it want, and may or may not mess with types, health, and 3 attacks, each with a type and its sometimes its own abilities, which all usually are in the type of the creature, although not necessarily. The three attacks would be tiered, basically the first you can 1st on any turn, the 2nd you can't use on consecutive turns, and the 3rd you can use once per game, so they would restrict how easily each creature can attack with specific types. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe ten Types I had in mind would be broken in 5 categories which would tend to be together on a card, especially when there isn't necessarily a great secondary typing, but not always. Fire and Electric, types have a lot of types they hit well against, but don't resist much, Water and Ice, who are pretty neutral on Attack/Defense, Rock/Metal, who are more defensively oriented, Plant and Wind, who don't do well offensively or defensively, essentially being the worst type wise, but that allows more easy balancing of crazy abilities and gimmicks that their cards would be more likely to have, and Light/Dark, which tend to care more about cost and efficiency. I had a type chart of these interactions a while back, but I can't seem to find it and I think you all got the point. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nDo you have an ideas on how to flesh this out more? Mostly to maximize depth while minimizing unnecessary complexity?"
ggvbc2,Tactical RPG Multiplayer,"Basically games similar to FF:Tactics, Disgaea, Fire Emblem, etc. but multiplayer. \n\nEach players control a single character that has 5 commands: Move, Attack, Wait, Item, and Skills or Spells depending on class. You can do 2 actions during one turn, like move &amp; attack, move &amp; skill, attack &amp; item, attack &amp; skill, etc.\n\nA team can make their moves in their turn that only lasts 30 seconds with maybe 5 seconds grace period. For planning purposes, teammates can see the ""phantoms"" moving to visualize how the actions will happen. Once [End Turn] has been pressed by everybody in your team, all the actions are performed at once.\n\nDuring the other team's turn, your team can use chat to discuss strategy and assign roles, like ""xxx, you go around here and use this skill to this guy"". Team member that fails to do anything (AFK) in a turn can be voted to get kicked, though you can use the command 'wait' to do nothing in your turn.\n\nCan be 5 v 5 in a 10x10 map size ?\n\nThere would be no leveling to get stronger, so everyone can stay at the same footing, instead your effectiveness can be determined by skills that you bring to the battlefield which you can only bring 4 or maybe 5 of them.\n\nYou can buy equipments like weapons or armors but they only act as cosmetics.\n\nEach win will grant you money prize, which in turn makes you able to buy more skills or spells.\n\nThis could be a game that massively relies on cooperation and strategy discussions.\n\nMaybe there will be different mode aside from PvP:\n\n1. a PvE mode where you can climb a challenge tower, or conquering certain dungeons, fight bosses, etc.\n\n2. Quick match with smaller maps, smaller teams, and lesser time to think\n\n3. Deathmatch where there's no team and everyone is given 5-10 seconds for their turn, if no action is performed, that player will be forced to 'wait'.\n\nMaybe item system will be like in MOBAs, with each passing turn, everyone gets a bit of gold to buy items that they already set the order of appearance. These items can grant bonus like healing, can move further, can increase skill effect, etc. which you can use in the next turn (with 'item' command) or use it immediately since the amount of items you can hold is limited.\n\nClass system, like Knight that deal good damage and has good defense but very restricted mobility or Ninja that can be invisible during set amount of turns.\n\nAlso, permadeath. Once you died in a battle, there will be no respawning, so with each team member dies, the maximum time a team can take in a turn will be reduced as well. UNLESS, there's a mage class with 'Resurrect' skill/spell that manage to get to your corpse's adjacent tile and revive you.\n\nNo idea if this has been done or not..."
ggub3g,Game Ideas for a Game Like Warframe,"I’ve always really wanted to create something like Warframe. That fast paced energetic style of combat and those disgustingly good graphics can really keep you playing for hours on end. I just...love it. Soo much so that I want to create something like it. Something inspired by it. I was thinking of making it into a moba, well, bear with me on this. It was supposed to be a Moba, that had all the things moba games have, you know the classic three lanes, champions, Minions etc... but it was supposed to be in 3rd person and the action in the game was supposed to be that of Warframe. It was also supposed to have champion specific Augmentations that would alter your champions abilities and skill set. Then there was also supposed to be stuff like the crafting table. Where it was essentially a thing that you could go to to create anything you could think of that would benefit you and your team (of course there would be ways to balance this.) I also thought of adding anti-gravity to make the combat more fluent and  fast paced and so on.. it was a crazy idea but I don’t know 🤷🏻‍♂️ do you think this could work? Should I still continue with it? And please if you have any ideas for a completely different approach for this please let me know All feed back is welcome :)"
ggtvre,Beginner VR game and or 3D/2D game,I am looking for an interesting idea that I can make or at least prototype as a beginner nothing to difficult and complex \n\nA simple game \n\nI don’t have anyone to do the art so that’s something to note
ggr4u5,Do you guys have any interesting game ideas involving Rick Roll?,"I just like never gonna give you up to be honest, I wanna make a Rick roll game, but maybe with Wick Woll and Gonna Give You Up"
ggqpts,FPS where you lose different controls as you take damage,"Would probably be strictly multiplayer.\n\nTake damage and lose the ability to turn left, or right, move backwards, or sprint, jump, crouch, etc.\n\nThere's many different possibilities. You could even lose combat abilities (this sounds like it would already be a game though).\n\nIt could either be random, or it could depend where you get shot. \n\nImagine trying to make the most out of only being able to move forward, turn right and throw grenades. Lol \n\nThoughts?"
ggm06u,I am learning how to program games i want to create a home themed game,Since we at are home\nI am starting to learn how to make games \nI want to make a home themed  game but i need ideas \nThanks
ggdkic,Viking game,"This game is a Viking game where you create a Viking male or female for solo/multiplayer online. So the first part of the the game is you are all alone no friends no enemies so you have main missions and side missions you can go own to earn XP and money to upgrade your character or armor while going on the main/side missions you have other Viking who is still own the same missions if haven’t passed it yet, there on the missions you can make friends or enemies. Second part say you make a couple of friends cool now you can make a clan or you and your friends can join a clan but would have to fight one or more of the clan members to join to show you are worthy. So say if you make a clan or join a clan we’ll you would want the biggest and strongest clan why to take over other Vikings and their clan and where they stay if you raid other Vikings homeland and win then you own that territory but if you loose you and your clan would have to start over what I mean by start over is find new homeland(stay, sleep and eat etc) so your Viking family can get stronger to take back over and be on top. Back to the enemy say you make a enemy and you catch him alone or with another clan there go your chance to either kill him or torcher him just because he’s a enemy of you and your clan. For the world make it a big open world map with different climate change (rain,sunny,cloudy,snowing) etc and different places to travel in the world but they would have to travel on boat if they go far off but they also could walk and run but that would be harder sense it’s farther and when you travel then that’s when you’ll meet different Vikings and clans also you can make alliances with different clans so you can make a bigger and stronger base or just take it over and make them suffer or you could die and loose. Also you can make families with girl Vikings limit to 1 child (cpu) but you would have to raise him to become strong and brave Vikings so he can protect the homeland. For the missions you can just have different missions for a player by his self or for his clan so they all can level up or you but yea I feel like this game would be awesome"
ggd56i,Novel ideas for nsfw games?,"I've played a few flash dating sims when I was young (shout out Ganguro Girl) and I've always remembered them as immersive experiences. From the gameplay of studying &gt; working &gt; buy gifts for the girl, to the reward cutscenes you get, they were all polished and well-executed for flash games.\n\nA couple months ago, I had a few looks at random indie nsfw games and I saw their focus went towards exaggerated 3D visuals with less story and gameplay. They felt burlesque and missed the essence that made nsfw games immersive.\n\nI know sexual topics tend to gets shunned in society and most developers will hesitate to associate themselves with making a nsfw game, but a part of me is genuinely curious if the nsfw genre could be developed further and what would creativity look like in nsfw games if we have a little less judgement for sexual contents.\n\nSo I hope this question doesn't get laughed off, and please leave a comment if you have interesting, novel, and ofc perverted ideas for nsfw games."
ggcuiu,"Echo Location Side Scrolling Platform Game, featuring a bat.","The bat's shape would be outlined with a light brown color. He'll have some pink features on his ears and a few parts of his body. The rest of the environment would be outlined with it's own color. Proceeding through different levels would give different outlines. Caves, Forests, Cities, Farms, etc. Certain object would have their own colored outlines, giving them shape. Each level will have it's own obstacle and challenging enemies that you will have to dodge. Think half-way to being neon. \n\nThe main mechanic is that since you're a bat, you will have to mainly rely on your echo location to figure out to proceed through the levels. Slow and Steady wins the race pretty much. Using different angles for better coverage of your surrounding.  And taking into consideration your next move and you must be quick. After the echos dissipates, the environment's outlines will start to fade away and you'll be back into the dark. Fortunately, for gameplay reasons, enemies/prey will produce sound from time to time which you will pick up, but quite faintly. It'll be possible to figure out what this animals will produce this sounds, as each animal would have it's own frequency. like for a fly, tick - 1 sec - tick. For other animals, it would vary, some would have similar ticks later in the game, so you must plan carefully. \n\nLevels will also have a day time which you can see clearly, but the game would mostly focus on dark areas. \n\nNow for other stuff:\n\n""Now how would movement and echoing work? Do they have limits?""\n\nWe'll stick to an upgrade based mechanics, each level would have it's own end/halfway rewards that you will use to attain an upgrade. You may not pick this upgrades. As the level gets harder, upgrading the wrong skill would just produce headaches, so levels are curated to your kit, Celeste A la carte.  More upgrades, more stronger movement and echoes. \n\nNow for the tricky part, the movement. Bats fly, but you'll be playing a flapping bat rather than a flying one. \n\nThis two mechanics will have limits. Flapping in your base form would be only 2 max. echoing, just 1-2. Getting a rest returns all flaps, but echos only 1. Later on you'll gain, diagonal dashes, gliding, and attacks that can stun animals. \n\n""Have safety ledges or not?""\n\nYes, there would be. Although safety ledges doesn't save you from being attacked by animals. It's best to move to the next one that you see. Higher is better, but there are some animals that can reach high, like snakes, or hawks.  \n\nObstacles? \n\nObstacles will be parallel to their environment. Caves will have stalagmite/tites, slippery surfaces. Forest's will have branches (not safety ledges), vines, poison plants. \n\nI think you see the idea here. This needs to be well thought out. \n\nAnimals? \n\nSame as obstacles. Although, I think the city would have drones that cna kill you. This animals will hunt you down on their own sight. Cats or the like will pounce towards you and you need to dodge or die. Snakes will strike at a certain distant that you will have to learn in order to dodge and proceed. Dogs would disorient you by countering your echoes by their barking. Hawks will chase after you until you get to safety or dodge at the right timing for them to kill themselves. Human's with their nets, not really threatening. \n\nThen you'll have the insects, and fruits which are you meals through out the playthrough. Certain insects and fruits are collectibles and some are for stamina. Colors will differentiate them. Stamina will of course return to full when taken."
ggcpy5,A grand strategy game with Total War like battlefield mechanisms and Age of Empires like resource management,"I can imagine such a project would definitely not be easy to make because of the reasons below:\n1. Micromanagement can be extremely difficult to process on a computer for every province on the map such as a EU4 map(If I'm not wrong, there are at least 3000 provinces on it) like the dynamics of Age of Empires.\n2. There is not such an unit variety in EU4 to be honest even though there are different types of units for respective sub-groups. And while initiating the wars, computer can have difficulties processing through ALL that battles going on throughout the world. \nHowever I think both these two problems can be solved by some kind of shared base of, say, building sets, resource collection processes and province management.\nFor the second one, battle mechanics can remain more or less the same and the game can emulate the battles of only the player in Total War style.\nThat's definitely my childhood dream but I lack both the funds, the time and I neither have the skills to achieve it. I think that's also the dream of the strategy-loving community over the world.\nAt first of course we can't expect such a smooth and problem-free, full game; but if we can make it lean on the three principles which are:\n1)EU4 like map, provinces, diplomacy mechanics, country managament\n2)Total War like battlefield mechanics, command of armies\n3)Age of Empires like resource management and town-scale(in our game province scale) building and governing process.\nIf someone is up to doing this project or there is some kind of game close to these ideals please let me know both through here and personal message. Let's spend this quarantine productive and an opportunity to achieve our dreams:)"
ggamcg,Exploration Game,"Okay so I’m half toying with building a prototype to see if this would work, but I’m more gauging if I should bother wasting the time or not.\n\nSo the game idea is and online game which is part Minecraft, part No Mans Sky, part Eve Online, part Westworld, bear with me on this.\n\nThe concept is all around co-operation, and the amount you can explore a universe is based on how much you co-operate in collecting resources with other players. What it means is that if there are only a small number of players everybody is spawned on a single planet and stuck there until they work together.\n\nIf enough players do work together they can craft items to leave the planet and explore the solar system, all items degrade over time so if they don’t keep working together those items stop working and they will become trapped again. The available technology would be dictated by the number of players, as more advanced technology needs more players to create advanced materials, etc.\n\nWith enough people and organisation it will be possible to craft items allowing them to explore and populate the universe slowly, but again if there isn’t enough of a population or people working together it will quickly collapse back to a single location or pockets of locations which can support players. Eve online has demonstrated that players can work together in this manner.\n\nThings like player health would need to be kept up, and without sufficient resources players will die, and then using something similar to the eve clone system players will then be left with a limited number of populated zones to respawn. Solo players would be able to set out and explore the universe themselves, but eventually their transportation will break beyond their ability to repair it and they will be forced back to populated areas.\n\nPretty well the entire economy would need to be player driven, with the possible exception of maybe keeping a small colony alive long enough to give it chance to survive by injecting resources via NPCs. The game will also require scalable equipment to ‘mine’ large amounts of resources that can be balanced in such a way that without a large population to support them they’d stop working.\n\nI am also thinking that to make it interesting there should be a ‘story’ which plays out, this story should happen in real time, and would require a set of writers, so think Westworld.\n\nThe game sound be accessible somehow on all platforms in a shared world, including mobile. And I like the idea that the game world can change while I’m not playing.\n\nThe economy, mechanics and balancing of this game are clearly vastly more important than the graphics, which is why I think a simplified version even accessible via some horrific simple web based UI and using some AI could be enough to prove it out, but I suppose the question I’m asking is would anybody want to play it, or would it just be annoying and only really sounds good in my head?\n\nTechnology wise I’d probably build a prototype using SpatialOS I’m a software developer so skills are not a problem, only time."
gg9tm3,Ideas for a new genre of games,
gg8lgl,Flashlight-dependent horror game.,"So the title may sound strange, but here's my idea:\n\nA horror game where you have to base whether you live or die by your flashlight. If you get close to a monster (lets just say like a shadow demon or something), your hand starts to shake. Getting closer to it will make it shake more and more. The setting of this place will be your choice. A power plant, a forest, a house etc. To escape, you have to collect batteries to power a car to drive out of the place your in. The thing is, you can only hold one thing at a time. If you switch to your flashlight, you drop the battery. The monster and setting can be changed to your liking."
gg52xr,Sea of Theives only more in-depth.,"Hopefully you already know Sea of Thieves.\n\nNow add the ability to purchase plots of land to build small bases. Hire guards to protect said bases. Make a guild to increase area of land. Should your ship sink, you have to purchase another. There are 2 sizes each with 3 variations. If you have no money, a rowboat w/ sail (windwaker) is available for virtually nothing. You can hire basic AI pirates that you can set priority scripts (Final Fantasy 12). Ping AI then ping target (sails, cannon, person) to give commands. NPC quests to ship cargo. Cargo can be stolen/sunk. Cargo is worth 1/10th when sold as is. Questing gives the most gold. Kraken/Pirate Raiders/Ghost Ship constantly appear depending on variables such as ships in area, frequency of sea battles in area, deaths in area, cargo/treasure in area."
gg4fn2,Something different than new game plus,"A lot of people like the new game plus feature of many games. While I too enjoy that, sometimes it feels like the developer is just prolonging a game that's already complete by letting people beat a game with a stronger version of your character.\n\n What I think would be pretty cool, is that for every new game plus, more of the world will open up. And with each subsequent playthrough, the main character would start to notice strange similarities. Kind of like the deja Vue effect. Each playthrough would have a somewhat different story because the main character would be able either change the outcome of each playthrough due to remembering the previous playthrough. \n\nEach new game plus would allow you to keep your characters previous items and experience to give you the initial illusion of being overpowered, until the story changed from the previous playthrough. \n\nWhen you get to the ""actual"" end of the game, it would be an open world style game with multiplayer, and all the loot would a sort of randomized so that way there wouldn't be thousands of people of the multiplayer side with the exact same thing."
gg3g68,"Bar, Street, Avenue","A shooter roleplay game where you can start your own gang, and take over bars houses and prisons, also plague the police and get black out drunk in bars with other gangs, smash bottles on your own, gamble, shoot, work, other crap thats basically a mashup of GTA, Drug Dealer sim, and other games.\nIt'll be on PS3, PS4, Xbox 360, 1, x, and s, android and ios, and computer."
gg25g7,Hope everyone is well! I am doing a second sound asset give-away poll due to the success of the first one. I will create and release a sound asset pack for free in the winning theme.,"Hello Everyone! We are doing another sound asset giveaway poll. The choices for this month are Cinematic Orchestral, Post Rock, Foley Sound Effects and 8 Bit Retro music. Cast your vote today!\n\nVote: [https://strawpoll.com/sbakzaba](https://strawpoll.com/sbakzaba)\n\nThe rules are the same as last month, voting will be available for 7 days, ends May 14.\n\n1. I will create a sound asset pack based on the results.\n2. I will release it 2 weeks after the poll has closed.\n3. The pack will be free for 30 days to the voting community via discount code\n4. Discount code will be closed 30 days after release.\n\nLeave comments for future poll theme ideas!"
gfyes1,VR - Arthur C. Clarke's Rama ship,The ship in Rendezvous with Rama is a relatively simple 50km long cylinder with a circular sea in the middle. I'd love to be able to walk about in the cylinder and view it from different perspectives. It's a kind of [O'Neil Cylinder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/O%27Neill_cylinder).\n\nI learned some Unity and made a very basic representation but I have no idea how to handle walking up the sides of the cylinder or how to add any other features inside. Presumably some sort of 2D height map could be used?
gfu7f2,A battle royale souls game,"Can you imagine it? Instead of guns and ammos that are randomly scattered, it's swords, potions, armors, spells. And if you die, there's a duel system (similar to COD battle royale) that can give you a chance to play once more. Idk, I think it could work tho. Thoughts?"
gftas5,A Game that is so hard that Cheats are revealed to you as you progress,"I don't know about what the gameplay is, let's say this is a shooter. The game is so hard to play that as you progress you find the cheats in the game hidden in a box or something (maybe a game like Matrix?)\n\nSo you have a terminal in the game and you can write stuff like this as the game goes on:\n\n\_SetSpeed 1000 and now you are fast (or you can even go slow)\n\n\_SetFireSpeed 10000 and \n\n\_SetTimeScale 0.1 and now everything is slow\n\n\_DestrolAllEnemies kills all enemies\n\n\_NoCollision wall hack"
gfsy0g,"I want to play a game where you are in the passenger seat of a car with new friends, and they demand you play the music for the entire trip. You have to keep them all happy with different genres while managing the mind numbing fear that comes with exposing your musical tastes to new friends.",Bonus points for staying true to your actual musical tastes and not copping out by playing things you aren't that into.
gfrt4f,Spy simulator,"Play as a spy in third person, but the environment is physics based like in human fall flat. Plan strategies, impersonate, hide, deceive other NPCs to get to you objective. There should be multiple ways to get to objective: violent, nonviolent, professional, whimsical, stealthy and extra. You will be accessed on how you perform after each stage."
gfn8va,Do indie game development studios market thier games on their own? (If they don't want a publisher!),
gfjzfo,Hogwartz MMO,It’s crazy to me there’s not a Massive Multiplayer for the Hogwartz world! I like Harry Potter but feel like a game like this would have so much potential and fan base
gfhoh4,How would you rethink Mirror's Edge?,"Mirror's Edge Catalyst left mixed reviews. If you could make a sequel that reinvented ME but kept the core ""running"", how would change the formula? Any parkour-type game ideas?"
gffj46,"A Heist Game, but with more planning and less shooting.","I was inspired by this post:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/gb12uc/heistrobbing\_game/](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/gb12uc/heistrobbing_game/)   \n\n\nI've always wanted to play a Heist game with an Ocean's 11 suave vibe to it. I know of games like Payday, and GTA but these (though I haven't played them) seem too shoot-'em-up for my taste and don't really fit within the style I'd want.  \nThey don't come with meticulous planning, and they're much too 'crash-and-grab'.  \n\n\nIn my head I'd think there would have to be a much bigger RPG element to it, and 3 stages with 3 different styles of game-play:\n\n1. The Original Team. You have 3 guys to start the team, which will be expanded later. I think this could be multiplayer, as you would make a character who's good at specific job, and hire other players as well, but could easily be single player too, having NPCs you can select in place of your two buddies.\n2. The Research Stage. This is the RPG end of the game, you need to talk to informants find all the information you can about the mark, blueprints of the building, and work out what security they have. You need to know everything, as the success, and your ability to plan depends on what you can find out. You could even try threatening and bribing to get your info. Whatever works.\n3. The Planning Stage, and the New Team. This, in my opinion, would be one of the best parts to the game and it's major selling point. You use your knowledge of what you gathered in the previous stage to work out a rough plan of what you're going to do, and you then need to construct a new team to fit this plan. You create what you need with a budget, and cut corners where you can. This part could be half RPG when you're recruiting and getting contacts for the plan, but also strategy style blue-print planning part. I'm not sure exactly, but there should definitely be a load of catchy nicknames for the type of characters you need, and types of plans you could pull.\n4. And finally, The Execution. This is where things could go wrong. Very wrong. Depending on how you did in your Planning and Research stages, the execution might not go smoothly. You need to play your part to the plan and improvise any difficulties along the way. This part I feel should act kind of like GTA perhaps, with your team checking in on an ear-piece giving updates on the rest of the plan.\n\nThat's as much as I've got right now, but if anyone would actually want to build this, I'd be glad to help out with concepts for GUI game mechanics or how everything could work. I'd love to try help out.  \n\n\nI doubt anything like this could ever be done properly without a big business behind it, but I'd love to eventually try out the idea myself one day."
gfd7eu,Roblox game,"I want somebody to make a roblox game called the rainy day cafe. It would mostly just be a cute little cafe game. I would want it to be very aesthetically pleasing, but really chill. Some what like one of those vibe games. I would want it to have a little book shelf or library corner with some bean bags. The books would be written by actual people! Think of teafuls library. Of course dont copy just take inspiration. You cant forget the rain! I want it to have a really convincing rain affect, and really calming rain sounds. There would be music in the background thats kind of like study music."
gf8zan,A Red Dead style game set in Africa.,"I say Red Dead and not GTA because I would want it to be more serious in tone.\n\nI know it would be controversial. But a skilled developer could really tell an amazing story and inform the players of the actual issues the plague the continent\n\nFictional country that encompasses all the different biomes of Africa. Deserts - Coastal  - Jungle - Mountains Plaind etc.\n\nCities and villages filled with people. Animals of all types roaming the country. \n\nIt would be set in Modern times but didnt have to be present time. As there would be cars and trucks and modern technology. But not over the top stuff.\n\nIt could be about war, politics, racial divide, capitalism piracy. Or touch on everything Africa is exploited for. I would want it to have a real message. Sort of like Blood Diamond or even District 9, (the politics not the Aliens). You could also help out the humanitarian factions as well.\n\nIt would just be awesome to roam around in that style of wilderness with roving rebels and factions chasing you or helping you out on missions. Off roading through  jungles or Plains. Interacting with factions. Gun running,  priracy, hunting animals (or the poachers). There could be light survival aspects. It seems limitless."
gf8yjz,Mega man battle network (cartoon),Hey does anyone remember the cartoon of mega man. I always thought it was a dope idea to have your very own Ai that you could battle. Long story short my idea stems from that concept. Having a custom a bot you can customize as you progress through the game. Your ai gets tired if you train or lazy if you don’t train enough. Each one has its own personality depending on how you treat them. Etccccc. I could go on but I’ve said enough. Any one I can talk to about development?
gf3lq7,A reverse horror game in which you play as the monster and have to horrify and kill victims.,"You must sneak around while murdering a number of victims, likely very many. It's unlikely you'll ever be at threat of death, although you can only take so much punishment(or maybe if the game goes too long the victims can discover your weakness). Instead, the objective is to get high grades, similar to a beat-'em-up. Your are graded on the timing and efficacy of your 'scares'. Generating the most possible fear in the victim, keeping a good time, variety of kills used, etc. are all areas on which you are judged. It'd be cool if the game had the option to cut your gameplay into actual short movies, too.  \n\n\nI am aware of Carrion, by the way, and you can probably guess I'm really excited for it."
gf1v4w,unlimited 2,"im talking about unlimited 2 cuz its just better than the first part\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nthe game does not exist in any way its only an idea\n\nyou are a guy or woman you can chose and you get sucked in this game and yes its a game in a game where you go around beat a bunch of enimies you upgrade your tools and beat the boss. then you win and thats it. there is nothing else to the story. ok. fine. so. the world disappears and turns into a giant bunch of numbers and glitches everything is getting destroyed and you see a face in the glitch the creature (he was the main bad guy in the original) he talks to you. and then he brings out a bunch of glitch monsters to kill you. when you kill them it reboots almost everything. only your tols are alive, but everything else is rebooted. there are 10 ''games'' in unlimited 2. theres the original unlimited 2, then its a whole ten other names to unlimited 2. unlimited 2: twisted, unlimited 2: dark, unlimited 2:chip, unlimited 2: clans, unlimited 2:toys, unlimited 2:frost, unlimited 2: gold, unlimited 2:glitch, unlimited 2: it. NOW THATS A LOT OF  games. and every time you complete one of these then it breaks the 4th screen and every time it get more and more glitchy and harder. it reboots again and again and at the end when you finally destroy the it you win and go back to the real world. i know its a lot i have been planing this game for 4 months so yea and this is already way too long so bye."
gf0psi,Ideas for cyberpunk game,"I'm designing a top-down racing shooter game.\nIn that game, there will be a single and multiplayer mode.\nSo I'm thinking about the story around the game. To give you some insights your first vehicle is a tank. So you can shoot enemies to slow them down. During the game, you'll unlock cars (jeep, hippies car, train, etc) and guns.\nThere is also different kind of terrain on maps. Desert, ground, snow, grass with building, and houses.\nI would like to write some nice cyberpunk story. In the game, everything happens after the war. But it wasn't a simple war. Because all of the buildings (or most of them) remain undamaged but abandoned. And the main hero is some risky guy who doesn't know what he is doing yet. So, he participating in death racing. But no one knows whats the purpose of this race.\nAny Ideas?"
gx2tb7,Monster Hunter Hunter,"A ""Monster Hunter"" style game where you join a team to hunt and take down monsters for loot, but with a couple twists.\n\nInstead of having random evil beasts, some of the monsters are actually harmless, majestic creatures.  Some of the Monster Hunters are shady individuals.  When you finish off a monster, if there's 5 surviving members of your party, you split the loot 5 ways.  If 4 member survive, it's a 4-way split.  If 1 member survives because he killed the other 4 members when he saw openings but still managed to kill the monster too without dying himself, he keeps all of the loot.\n\nThe game would be gear-heavy, class/build relevant and perma-death, so don't want to backstab your team mates lightly because you actually need to finish off the monster, otherwise you will die too and upon dying you lose all of your gear and loot.  If no one survives an encounter, all characters and gear that went into that encounter are lost."
gx2mhq,Puzzle game,"This is the idea of a story I thought was interesting, though it's just a rough draft of an outline (I dont even have the characters named) I still think it's a good idea. Keep in mind I started this at like 1am and spent like 3-4 hours on it so not alot of detail was put into it so please don't be too harsh, but do tell me what you think of it.\n\n[link to story](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lCjVN9ux4E0dZOo9835ZEoN8wrcK9NDDTSQUkxHtL_E/edit?usp=sharing)"
gwzsma,"Open Source Game ""Development Encyclopedia"" with GNU License like Linux","SUMMARY OF CONCEPT:\nBasically, my idea is to create a game that acts like an encyclopedia for game mechanics. Maybe less of a game and more of a database of implemented game mechanics for a specific game engine.\n\nOVERVIEW:\nThis idea is very similar to tutorial projects offered by game engines, but with a lot more information due to crowdsourcing. This idea could be replicated across several different game engines, all under the same name and ideology. To better relay this concept, imagine that the concepts I lay out will be developed in the UE4 game engine.\n\nTHE IDEA:\nThe main design of this game would be to create a core with a very fundamental design that could be used to develop larger concepts. All larger concepts would be modular so that they can be plugged into the base game to add functionality. The concepts would be created around the idea of implementing common video game mechanics and attempts at emulating real-world concepts as game mechanics. The base game would include very basic models and art that can be further developed with modules.\n\nINTENTION/GOALS OF PROJECT:\nI believe this idea would solve the following problems with the current game development industry, especially for indie developers.\n 1. PROBLEM: Many developers recreate the same game mechanics as other games, which leads to increased development time.\n 1a. SOLUTION: Time spent trying to implement similar mechanics would be greatly reduced if all developers had access to the source code of the game mechanic.\n 2. PROBLEM: Lack of documentation on developing very particular game mechanics increases development time.\n 2a. SOLUTION: This game would include game mechanics implemented in the engine that developers could analyze or take to use in their own games.\n 3. PROBLEM: Laying out the foundation of a game takes a considerable amount of time.\n 3a. SOLUTION: The foundation of this game is open source, so it can be taken and used for independent projects.\n 4. PROBLEM: Steep learning curve for getting into game development.\n 4a. SOLUTION: This game could be used as a learning tool by analyzing how different concepts are implemented in engine and allowing developers to play with and see actual examples.\n 5. PROBLEM: Lack of content due to game mechanics taking a long time to develop.\n 5a. SOLUTION: Developers can take whatever mechanics (modules) are built for this prohect and use them in their own games and expand upon them, cutting down development time for mechanics.\n 6. PROBLEM: Many already developed game mechanics cost money and sometimes the mechanics purchased aren't what the developer particularly needed.\n 6a. SOLUTION: The game mechanics in this game would be free for others to use as they please as long as they give credit to the project. If developers don't find what they need, they don't lose any money.\n EXTRA: Some may argue that this would negatively effect people profiting from selling game mechanics. I would argue that this could lead to more complex game mechanics being sold on the marketplace by deriving mechanics from those that are available through this open source project.\n\nSUMMARY:\nI guess this is less of a game and more of a way for developers to donate their knowledge to other developers through a real product. This idea is like an interface and foundation that other developers can interact with and build from.\n\nPROPOSAL:\nI feel like this idea could be extremely valuable to indie developers and the game development industry as a whole. I plan to work on this project regardless of support. However, I work a full-time job, and I am a beginner when it comes to game development. I do not mind if you take this idea and make it your own, but I would like to assist anyway I can if you decide to take this on, but again not required as stated in rule 5 &amp; 6 of this subreddit. My specialty is mostly in programming than anything else. As for how the licensing of this project would work, it would work like the GNU license for Linux. Like Linux, all projects derived from this one need only to provide credit to this project. Additionally, all contributors will be credited for their contributions.\n\nFUTURE SUSTAINABILITY:\nIf this project happens to gain traction, a donation box could be setup to support the project. All donations would go back into the project by funding professional developers to add content to the project, maintaining databases for sharing this project, and other expenses required for directly maintaining the project (especially when engine updates come out and compatibility updates are required)."
gwz3ag,Slot machine/roulette based RPG. Possible idle or semi-active mobile? game.,"Tl;Dr RPG where everything is gambling based and progress is what you bet\n\n\nSo I am fairly attracted to slot machines as a mechanic for anything. The anticipation as the slots roll, and the excitement when you see a jackpot slots slow down towards each other always make basic RNG more fun. My biggest problem is that all the slot machine apps are not connected to a real goal. You cant make real money off of them (yes I know about real money casino apps), or the point is to just many coins or unlock other slots. So what if you could play slot with a risk of losing something we as gamers also see as precious as money, progress.\n\n Suggestion: \nAn RPG where your attacks/quest-actions/rewards/etc. are all determined by slots or roulette or price is right wheel maybe . Upgrading slots would provide a way to make it farther and add a roguelike element to progression. If you fail on quests or lose big boss fights bad enough you could lose progress from maybe the dungeon to your whole character so far. \n\nThe slots could either be used as a pass/fail and potency of action tool. Example being you get all 7s and you do maximum damage. 2 swords and 3 non matched others and you do minimum damage. Upgrades for jackpot chance or multiple slots or type of slot or the like.\nOr\nYou roll for your available actions and can set up your slots. Like you spin and get 3 movement actions, an attack, and a magic spell. Upgrade for more actions or gimmicks to get more of one time. Jackpots being all of one type of slot.\n\nBetting resources would be health/magic for attacks and possibly in game money as an option, special slot type, or boost depending on design direction. \n\nWould be rogue like in that when you die you can bet your life for a revive or time travel or reset or something. Fail and you have to restart with like your kid or next contestant or whatever. Boosts would be provided on progress or achievements or actions taken during special quests. \n\nArt style would be softer looking pixel art like moonlighter has. It's easy on the eyes, has good scaling and can be very cute or menacing. Maybe the slots could be 3D-ish as to seem otherworldly since your fate is tied to them.(and guarantee they dont feel unfairly rigged since you can see them spin)\n\nAs much as I loathe the concept it could easily be monetized with progress savers or boosters or skippers. Or...shudder...slot skins"
gwxusw,"A game about surviving in a country run by a dictatorship, in the vein of We Happy Few","You are a civilian living in a country run by a tyrant, your end goal is to survive daily life, where even the slightest things can get you killed\n\nYou can either wait out the country's eventual collapse (in game time of 2 years) or escape to somewhere nicer\n\nEven the option to start a revolution or become a soldier for the government is an option\n\nBy day you can either work at your job (You barely get money), scout out places to loot, rat out potential criminals/revolutionaries, or just sleep\n\nAt night you'll have to defend what ever supplies you have (if you haven't properly secured them or made a friend to watch them), rob government places or your neighbors, or just sleep\n\nFame/Infamy &amp; Karma system is there\n\nEvery in game day is about 6 hours in real life, if you don't wait or sleep to pass time\n\nEndings\n\nDeath: you died in one if the many possible ways (starvation, dehydration, disease, animals, assassination, etc.)\n\nLong haul: waited until the nation's collapse and survived\n\nAn escape (a): you escaped alone\n\nAn escape (b): you escaped with your friend(s)\n\nAn escape (c): you helped your friends escape by sacrificing yourself\n\nMartyr: you united the people and your death inspired them to take up arms and overthrow their rulers\n\nRevolutionary: you united the people and overthrew your oppressors\n\nConscript: became a tool of the regime\n\nMad bomber: you destroyed everything\n\nHamster: you discover that the entire game is being run by hamsters (like the Silent Hill dog endings)\n\nFame/Infamy effect various interactions, some NPCs will outright refuse to interact with you or even attack you on sight\n\nKarma has effects that I can't think of at the moment\n\nJust one idea of this kind of thing\n\nAssaulting a government storage shed full of food that'll feed you (or your friends)\n\nFamous (amongst the other civilians)\nThey'll offer to help distract the guards so you can take stuff, if you're a revolutionary they'll help you raid\n\nNeutral (with either the government or civilians)\nNo bonuses or inconveniences apply\n\nInfamous (civilians)\nThey'll inform the guards of you\n\nFamous (amongst the government)\nYou'll be allowed to grab some rations, some, not a lot\n\nInfamous (amongst government)\nThey'll try to arrest you even if you're not close to it\n\nRevolution path allows you control of which path it takes: will you be a man (or woman) of reason and logic, or will you be another tyrant?"
gwwm90,"Roguelike with a single main mechanic: a torch. Use it to attack enemies or to prevent them from attacking you. Turn-based game, but the fire of the torch slowly goes out in real-time","* Very minimalistic game in which you carry a single element: a torch.\n* You can use the torch you're holding in the following ways:\n   * as protection: while holding it, enemies can't attack you\n   * to see your way through the dark dungeon\n   * to melee attack enemies (the fire goes out faster)\n   * to throw at an enemy setting it and other close enemies on fire in a kind of chain reaction. But when you throw the torch you are vulnerable to attacks.\n* There are torches on the walls of the dungeon as well that you can pick when you're next to them.\n* Even though the game is real-time, the fire of the torch you're holding goes out in real-time, putting you some pressure to think fast.\n* The fire of the torches on the walls never go out."
gwvz5z,Unique Survival Mechanics?,"I need help fleshing out a scifi survival concept where the user is a cyborg who has to keep their mechanical body functional. \n\nCan there be unique resource(s) that the player (and enemies) need?\n\nHow does the environment challenge the (nonhuman) player?\n\nAre there unique, non-intelligent enemies that can pose a challenge to the player?\n\nWhat type of weaponry makes sense in the context of scifi/survival? \n\nAll ideas are appreciated"
gwt4ca,A game based off the scary movie series.,
gwr34m,A game that becomes harder with the more GPS you have,"For example a potato computer with 10 fps would have the game super easy but a guy with a gaming computer that runs everything on 200 fps will have the hardest time of his life, open for suggestions\n\nThis idea is half meme"
gwpx3v,How to make a 2D platformer that focuses on shooting interesting,"Hi, I’m in the early stages of working on a 2D side scroller game that has a focus on shooting. My general gameplay loop right now definitely doesn’t seem interesting, you simply ascend a vertical level with interesting platforming that is populated by enemies. Here is a mock-up if the Tileset I’ll use for the first level just to give some imagery to the idea:\n\nhttps://imgur.com/v2iNMEq\n\nNow the problem I have is thinking of ways to make the gameplay loop interesting. Initially I thought of using your gun as a means to traverse, but the only ability I could think of was a gun that propels you in the opposite direction you shoot it. I think I’ve already played that game about 3 times by now, so I don’t want to add another one to the pile. Another idea was just having shops scattered to upgrade your gun, so maybe it shoots faster, or let’s out a spray of bullets, but I have trouble figuring out ways to make that meaningful and impactful instead of just ‘cool for the first minute of using it’\n\nI’m still in the early stages of making the engine for this game, just adding everything I need to the renderer before I can start game design. So that means any idea isn’t off limits, this project can become whatever it wants!"
gwmvdq,Game concept help,"I'm having difficulty making a game idea stand out more. Basically i wanna make a fps capture the flag game but I want to add something that makes it different from any others, anyone have any suggestions?"
gwjz0b,Heroes of Might&amp;Magic mythology creatures in a massive realtime battle game like Mount&amp;Blade,"Hello, I have an idea of game in style of Mount&amp;Blade with map and realtime massive battles but with monsters and mythology creatures instead of historical warriors, what do you think of this concept?"
gwhtlv,Need Help Fleshing Out Space Survival Game,"Hey all! I've recently began work on a game that I intend to craft into a space survival game of some sort. I have two major concepts for the game that I'm debating on:  \n\n\n1. Randomly generated planet with different areas of toxic atmosphere around your starting point. You cannot last long in toxic areas, so if you want to explore the planet and acquire resources, you need to clear the toxic plants/air around you and plant new ""green"" life. My issue here is I'm not sure what the *goal* would be. I also want combat, but I'm not sure how I'd work that into the story line. I was thinking ""sources of toxicity"" that were actually bosses on the planet? I like the idea but I think it needs a bit more, and I'm kind of stumped.  \n\n2. You're a space nomad with a basic ship that cannot yet leave a planet. You start on Earth in the far future, a planet that humans have abandoned. There are other nomadic groups on the planet that are hostile. By building up a base and upgrading your equipment, you can fight these groups (each with a boss) to acquire new pieces of your ship to allow you to travel to other planets. Similar experiences occur on each other planet. Again, I'm not sure what the goal here would be either. Making it to a certain planet? Acquiring a certain ship? That's where I need help.  \n\n3. CURVEBALL IDEA: Very similar to number 2, but your are a pirate captain who is searching for a legendary treasure within an island chain, but you have just been mutinied. All you have is a basic raft. The island chain is a mystical place with all types of magical creatures. You start with nothing, and eventually build a raft that can get you to the next island. Island to island unlocks more abilities/weapons/things to build, and each island requires a better ship than the last. Each island also has a boss of some sort. Your goal is to make it to the last island.  \n\n\nAgain, I just want to discuss these ideas with everyone on this reddit because I truly feel I'm close. I have also got the basics of the game already coded, I just need that solid base idea to proceed. Hope to hear some awesome thoughts from you guys!"
gwguzr,I could use some help naming games,"I am currently working on two new games (just recently released my first finished game).\n\n# Game #1\n\nIs a puzzle platformer where water features prominently in most levels. The general aesthetic is ruins. And the basic background story is an Indiana Jones type gets sucked into a cursed object. This game idea actually came from this forum u/AntsAare and I went back and forth about it for a bit.\n\n# Game #2\n\nIs a minesweeper mashup, think minesweeper meets mario.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI am stuck for names on both of these two games. If any name that is suggested is used, the user will be credited on the credits page. If anyone wants to check out my first game message me and ill send a link, be advised though it is a paid game $1 (no ads or iap though).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThank you all."
gwb565,A single player open world stealth/detective/puzzle game,"An open world stealth game set in 1950s Brooklyn where you play as John Roger, a detective/crime fighter of 12 years who is incredibly sneaky, strong, and witty. He is on a mission to figure out the head of a large drug ring. The controls will be similar to Spider-Man on the PS4. (If you have any ideas comment or pm me)."
gwa10q,A 3D beat-'em-up/hack'n'slash where you can not stop moving,"The player characters is on skates that force them to continue moving at a minimum speed, and can move across any surface. Enemies will usually also be constantly moving, forcing you to engage with them in dogfighting-esque combat, save for large enemies/giant bosses, who you usually have to defeat by skating on them. Along with a bunch of kick-based moves, you're equipped with dual pistols, and each enemy has weaknesses/patterns that force you to use both, moving fluidly and dynamically between melee combat, ranged combat, and platforming."
gw9o3a,Basic Ideas,"Disclaimer: I an brand new to the gaming dev scene and have no idea what I'm doing. Nothing in this post is guaranteed or even likely to release in a state remotely resembling what I say, and this is fully just pitching ideas at the wall that is the internet and seeing what the internet likes and if anyone has suggestions for me.\n\nI have Maya (student version, going to look to upgrade soon so I can make and sell models and minis) and have been playing around with both it and Unreal for a few months. I had my first game idea a little bit ago, but I think I'm gonna put a pin in it for now because I think it's a bit too unrealistic for me to make as a solo college student with no resources and very little money with which to hire far more experienced help. Basically it was a first person MOBA with shooter elements and an RPG-like item system.\n\nBut that's not what I'm here to talk about today. I'm here instead to talk about a game that may be feasible for me: a heavy-combat Souls-like set in pre-European-contact era Cherokee nation. I live in Eastern TN, an area with heavy Cherokee influence, and just over the mountain from me is a Cherokee city. I was thinking about seeing if they have a museum there and calling them up, both to get a spot to explore the museum and also to attempt to get an interview with some of their historians, ask what they know about ancient Cherokee culture and myth, see if I come up with any ideas from there.\n\nBut my issue is that that basic idea is all that I've got. So, before I call up the museum, I'm gonna start by asking the internet: does anyone know anything about Cherokee culture, myth, or even have ideas for a story just based off what I've told you? Any help would be appreciated."
gw8z8x,A massive fortnite inspired multiplayer Walking Dead game,"Basically you'd have an open world populated by 4-5 different communities...each a team of 30 players.\n\nOne additional team would control a slow moving herd of 30 zombies. Additionally there are 200 randomly placed AI zombies.\n\nTeams have to forage for resources and kill zombies. As resources are exhausted in an area, the map shrinks. Eventually the remaining humans are fighting over a tiny piece of turf."
gw5u07,"deflection, a strategy/rhythm game about conversation."," so this a game that has elements of strategy and rhythm. it is about keeping your cool in social situations.\n\nso  the perspective is similar to the ace attorney games, and you have to  choose options under a time limit, which will effect the rhythm game in  which you have to execute the rhythm of your speaking and body movement,  and when you choose bad options the rhythm game will have a spike in  difficulty in a few possible ways.\n\nin  this game you have resolve which is kinda like health, represented by  how sweaty you are, no sweat being full resolve. when you make mistakes  you lose resolve and when you get a perfect on both the choice and the  rhythm game you wipe the sweat off your face, refilling some of your  resolve.\n\nthe story mode of this  game would be a comedic journey all the way from a casual conversation  at a party to running for president, with the intro including a weather  forecast where later levels get progressively hotter meaning your  resolve is easier to drain.\n\nand this is the idea, let me know how much it sucks in the comments below."
gw14b5,Stealth Game Where You Play As D.B. Cooper,"I was watching Lemmino's video on D.B. Cooper, and the hijacking could make for a really cool start for a stealth game. You jump from the plane with all the cash, use your parachute to land in the wilderness of Portland, and from there you attempt to hide your whereabouts as the government begins a manhunt looking for you. \n\nGameplay could include survival mechanics, PvE, exploring, assimilating into Portland without anyone noticing who you are, running from the cops, etc. In my head, it seems pretty fun, but obviously this is just an idea. Ultimately, the premise is just that you are D.B. Cooper.\n\nHere is the video in case you are unfamiliar: [https://youtu.be/CbUjuwhQPKs](https://youtu.be/CbUjuwhQPKs) It's a great watch!"
gw03o5,Classic Joust brought to VR. A first person 3d battle royal platformer.,"Maybe throw in a simple bumper like lance so you can fend off dive bombers with one arm while steering your ostrich with the other. The floor is, of course, lava."
gvx7l8,A cool Social Experiment Card Game,"So first a backstory, game ideas will always pop into my mind while I'm trying to sleep (lol) or out on a walk or something but I never thought about writing it down or sharing it. With that said, this probally isn't that good since I've never written any of my ideas down but here it goes lol:\n\nBasic idea: every player has a number. You can create infinite copies of a card with your number on it. Your goal is to get as many different cards as possible.\n\nBasics\n\nWhen you make an account, you are given a number (User Code). First player gets 1, second gets 2, so on and so forth. You are also given a Card Key. This Card Key allows you to give out an infinite amount of copies to other players. Your Card Key and Card Copies are only shown by one thing: your User Code and you Color Choice.\n\nCode Generation\n\n    The first user to sign up would have the User Code of 1. The second would have 2. The third would have 3. So on and so forth. If a user has remained inactive for 3 weeks, their User Code will be revoked and put back into the Available Codes. If your User Code is taken, your account will not be deleted and you will keep your Cards, Coins, Bytes, and Ranks. Next time you log in, you will be given a new Code. For example, If 150 users have made an account and no one has been inactive, User Number 150 will have User Code 150. But then if User 60 remains inactive for 3 weeks, then User 151 will have User Code 60. Then User 152 will have User Code 151.\n\nCoins and Bytes\n\n    Coins are the main currency of the game. Upon account creation, you are given 50,000 coins. Once every day, you are given 10,000 coins. The only two other ways to get coins are through Trading and Ranks. Bytes are the more expensive currency. 1 Byte is equal to 100,000 coins. In the shoop, you can exchange Coins to Bytes and Bytes to Coins with that rate. The only reason for this is for ease of Trading.\n\nTrading\n\n    There are 5 ways to trade:\n\nCard(s) for Card(s) - You give 1 or more cards to another Player in exchange for 1 more cards\n\nCard(s) for Coins - One Player gives 1 or more Cards to another Player in exchange for Coins\n\nCoins for Coins - One Player gives Coins to another player in exchange for Coins\n\nCard(s) for Byte(s) - One Player gives 1 or more Cards to another Player in exchange for Byte(s)\n\nByte(s) for Byte(s) - One Player gives Byte(s) to another player in exchange for Byte(s)\n\nThere are also places to trade:\n\nPrivate Messanges - Trading one on one with another Player\n\nPublic Listings - Anyone with a User Code can complete your trade\n\nPrivate Listings - Anyone with either the Friend, Follower, or Following status can trade (you choose)\n\nRanks\n\n    Ranks are awarded to the player for completing certain challenges:\n\nTrader - Complete a Trade\nFriend - Have 1 Friend\nFollowed - Be Followed by 1 Player\nFollowing - Follow 1 Player\nInactive - Don’t Play for 3 Weeks\n[Month] [Year] Winner - Win a Ranking\nPrivate Winner - Win a Ranking in a Private Server\n\nPrivate Servers\n\n    Each Player can create 1 private server. They can then invite players to that server and complete Trades and Rankings Privately. You join Servers via a 10 Character code.\n\nI also have more ideas for it like skins and junk but this is the gameplay. I'd think that it would work best on mobile but what do I know\n\nI realized I should probably say that the experiment part of it is just to see if people are like you give me your card and I give you mine ot if people are like gimme some coins and your card and etc. Also it would be fun to see what happens to numbers like 69 and 420 lol"
gvvb6v,A Multyplayer horror game,A 2 or more player horror game where the Players are spawned in random locations of a big map. The Players dont know about eachother and have different objectives.\nLike:\n\nPlayer 1 has the objective to find a book\n\nPlayer 2 has the objective to locate a strange noise\n\nThe players make a lot of noise which the other players will hear. \nThe players will creep each other out. \n\nThe maps are at night and the players are equipped with tools such as a flashlight.
gvsfly,Dbd/good express inspired fantasy asymmetrical online horror game,"In a world where amethysts give warriors their powers, four heroes get trapped in a dungeon room that drains their magic, forcing them to only use basic spells, all while being hunted by a special monsters. To escape, they need to extract sigils from pedestals and then use them to activate totems.\n\nThe maps would be amethyst caves with ruins, especially Mayan ruins because I love mayan themes xd\n\nHere are the concepts of the first 5 heroes (I haven’t made any monsters concepts for now\n\nAlso, the avatars are made with so I know I’m getting roasted xd\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nhttps://ibb.co/vvKPx49\nhttps://ibb.co/h99nt8Z\n\nhttps://ibb.co/Mc5211v\nhttps://ibb.co/XJkyCff\nhttps://ibb.co/wWRYQrG\nhttps://ibb.co/51Gh3fX\nhttps://ibb.co/92WF09C"
gvr4tf,[Requested] Casual game idea/story,"Alright, so I have been busy working on a game using teleportation, multiple worlds, getting items and enemies who do not want you to have those items and will attack you if you pick them up. \n\nAll core mechanics are working now but my players and enemies are just cubes and cylinders as placeholders and I want to start working on the graphics a little bit. I was hoping that maybe some of you had a great story to use or theme to work in. Since I'm not amazing at 3D-graphics design (just yet) it will be low-poly (to keep in mind).\n\nOther ideas are always welcome like extra mechanics, different types of enemies, or what types of worlds I could add!"
gvplac,Open world RPG with split screen,"Hi, let's imagine Skyrim or Oblivion or Witcher 3 or any open-world RPG with split screen for cooperative gameplay, what do you think about it? Does it have any sense or it's just crazy idea?"
gvmp7r,"Zombie Apocalypse Game based on ""Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives""","You play as Guy Fieri or, if his image is copyrighted, a look-alike. Your goal is to defend a food truck from incoming zombie hoards with culinary equipment such as steak knives, grease traps, etcetera. If the zombies overran the food truck, you'd fail.\n\nPossible name: ""Flavor Town Defender"""
gvmd6y,BAD GAME IDEA: Methroid,You're a space mercenary sent to eliminate a planet's population of meth addicts. And also you can roll into a ball.
gvm6wr,An idea for a hide-and-seek type of game,"The idea is to have a room or house that is as dark as possible (night time with no light sources on inside). At least two people play.\n\nA light bulb is hidden somewhere in the house (where it can't be stepped on) and one person has to search for it. That player only has a *very* dim flashlight that they can use to search. A light so dim that they can literally only see what is right in front of them (I used a fake candle with a dim LED). Once they find the light bulb, they put it in the overhead light and turn it on to win. \n\nThe catch is, all of the other players each hide somewhere where they could easily be spotted if the lights were on, such as in a corner, behind a chair, etc. They would only be seen when the searcher gets within a couple of feet. If another player is spotted, they can scare the living crap out of the searcher, and the searcher loses. The idea for the searcher is to *avoid* spotting the other players, just find the light bulb and turn the light back on."
gvldzr,so i had an idea for a game,"i have an idea for a game- though im still learning to code i still want to attempt this project.\n\nthe basic idea of this game is heavily inspired by terraria, having things being layed out like the overworld, hell, sky area, and dungeons, except a little bit diffrent, like adding dimensions or even more zones. even though one dungeon spawns, whenever you kill a boss you get a key, this key will open up a new dungeon portal, comeplete the dungeon and get 1/3 rare items, based off whatever class you picked near the begining of the game\n\nthis game also has more story and lore, even having cutscenes and you being able to chose where the storygoes, haveing 2 endings, both having a bossfight just one of them being harder and the bosses also play out a bit diffrently, some being a sort of bullet hell style boss, or basic bosses that stick to the ground n jump around a lot, or whatever ya would consider your normal terraria boss to be.\n\nclasses are also in the game, although theres only three. these are mage, gunsman, and the third one is still being decided on. of corse theres meele weapons but they arnt own by a class so anyone can use then, based on what class you have will determin abilitys, and what weapons you get, so if ypu pick mage ypu can get the best mage weapons and use them, but you cant use strong weapons from other classes, if ya chose a second class you can use these items, but not to their fullest potential.\n\nand to finish this post there will be a more helpful guide giving you somewhat better tutorials and initiating cutscenes to new areas that the player never saw before, also giving you information about bosses, and items to fight bosses in areans, and creating new recipies for you to use.\n\ni still have other ideas for the game, i just want to check if this is. a good basic idea for the game, cause i allways wanted to code a game, yet the best i can really do is make sprites, move a character, and build a platform the character can stand on. and thats it."
gvkh74,A reverse battle Royale...,"Map is full of ways to get hurt, winner is first to die, players can heal each other"
gvjkbx,Atlantis:An RPG set underwater,"It's self explanatory. An open-ended style RPG set in the unique, fantastic world of underwater Atlantis\n\nCombat and exploration now have a unique feature: swimming and movement. You also have to manage stamina.\n\nNew races could even have mer-man or mermaid"
gvesa8,"A horror game based off the children's book ""goodnight moon""","Hear me out.\n\nThe game is a series of horror situations that seem random but are actually the sequence of Goodnight moon. \n\nyou start off in a room with green walls. you look around but can't move.  between each short horror game, you are transported back to the room. things slowly dissapear from the room each time. subtle changes like the light level lowering, the color draining away Etc.\n\n*""goodnight cow jumping over the moon""*\n\nyou are in a maze being chased by a demonic glowy eyed bull. you survive by making the bull cross over a moon mozaic in the center of the maze.""\n\n*""Goodnight Light and the red balloon""*\n\nyou are in a dark forest. you must collect red balloons before your light goes out. some of the red balloons are actually mimics that try to eat you. so are some of the trees. so are some of the flashlight powerups that you find\n\n*""goodnight bears, and goodnight chairs""*\n\nyou are sitting at a table. someone is talking to you across the table, but there is a bright light so you can't see who it is.this section is dialog based. it seems to be some kind of cop asking you for details about some kind of crime.  you have a few dialog options. one option has you electrocuted, you find out the chair you are in is an electric chair. another option, has a hand with a gun appear in front of you and shoot you in the face. the third option, and the one that will have you progress, results in two giant hairy bear arms slam down onto the table and smash the lamp shining into your face. you see that the person you thought you were talking to was a werebear. he roars and eats you.\n\n*""goodnight Kittens and goodnight mittens""*\n\nyou walk slowly down a white corridor surrounded by blackness. there is no sound, only the path. after a minute of walking, cat statues appear on either side of the path. they get larger and larger until they are taller than the Player. the path ends. there is a giant cat statue with no hands at the end of it. it roars like a lion, then crumbles to dust.\n\n*""Goodnight clocks and goodnight socks""*\n\nyou are in a room with a wall that is a mirror. across from the mirror is a grandfather clock. the Player is a child. every minute, the clock chimes and a cuckoo wearing socks pops out. every time the cuckoo chimes, the player noticeably ages. the room gets smaller as well. the older the player gets the sooner the cuckoo calls again. after the last one, the walls of the room crush the player.\n\n*""goodnight comb goodnight brush""*\n\nyou are in a hallway with many doors. you hear screaming. you try and find whatever is making the sound. all the rooms are empty. after you check all the rooms, you see a long haired figure at the end of the hallway where you started off. as you walk towards her, her outstretched arms crumble to dust. then she tries to take a step towards you, and her legs crumble to dust too. finally, her long hair all falls out and is dust before it hits the floor.\n\n*""goodnight nobody, goodnight mush""*\n\nyou are walking along a brightly lit forest path. there are several other people walking around as well. a giant pile of flesh colored goo vaguely human shaped is coming towards you. all you can do is walk towards it. it collides with you and started to engulf you. all the people walking around don't notice. they keep walking around as if there's nothing wrong. the player gets prompted to cry for help, and the character does call out, but nobody seems to hear. this happens twice before the player is completely engulfed.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n*""goodnight to the old lady whispering hush""*\n\nyou are in a hospital. walking down a row of doors. you open one and there is a patient on the bed in the dark room covered in tubes and Machinery. in a chair nearby is an old lady knitting. occaisionally the patient will make a muffled sound that might be a cream or a call for help. the old lady looks up from her knitting when this happens and says ""can you get the light dearie?"" you turn the light on and see turn back around to see the grim spectre of death with its hand on the throat of the patient it turns to look at you and says in the old lady's voice ""HUSH""\n\n*Goodnight Stars, Goodnight Air""*\n\nYou are in the bedroom again. the walls fall away and so does the earth below. the sky is dark and full of twinkling stars. you are able to look around, but can't move. slowly the stars wink out. the more stars wink out, the faster they disappear. until there is only blackness and the bed. the bed begins to distort, as though it is made of putty and being pulled. the blanket gets pulled off and your legs begin to get pulled the same way. then you look at your arms and the same thing happens. after a moment there is nothing only blackness. all you hear is the sound of slow ragged breathing. eventually that stops and the credits roll.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIts more of an experience than a game, but still pretty cool I think"
gvbw3v,RPG with a Difficulty Increase Based On Party Size,"So, I'm working on an RPG in which the level cap is 100 and there are over 3000 perks. However, you the Player can only obtain 306 (9 perks at character creation and then 3 per level up). This forces you into a ""class"" along with your racial abilities and stat distribution. \n\nThe idea is you have 4 Spots for NPCs. They aren't needed, but can be beneficial if you want. The idea is to have a five person party (including you) with a clasic set up of Short Distance Fighter, Ranger/Mage, Healer, Thief/Con-Artist, and Support (makes weapons and armor, science skills, and stuff). However, if you want to get 4 fighters or something nobody will stop you. However, as compensation for getting a (theoretically) more powerful and well-rounded team, the enemies you face will be mpre powerful and there will be more of them. \n\nDepending on the size of your party, the enemies you face will have: more grunts/cannonfauder, higher stats and higher level, more perks, and better abilities. I don't believe that difficulty is simply more HP for the boss, more perks and abilities would help too. The larger your party, the more difficult. This also does account for the difficulty setting on your game."
gvbsl5,a game where you are the final boss,"the name says it all, you are the final boss of the game you are playing and there would be a few levels of varying difficulty like for example: easiest difficulty would be a person who finished the game letting their friend who never played it play, and the hardest difficulty would be a world record holding speedrunner who knows all the tricks to defeat you"
gv7jlw,Social game ideas like murder mystery or mafia?,"I am looking to make a game that is replay-able, fun, and easy to learn/understand. I've been looking into games similar to a murder mystery and mafia because they are still very popular and are easy to pick up. Trouble in Terrorist Town is a good one too. I've been brainstorming for a while and I just can't come up with anything worth putting time into. What do you think?"
gv2vhk,"A ""Ghost Hunting"" horror game","so.. its late at night when I'm typing this so please excuse any errors lol. anyways, I have an idea for a ghost hunting type game where you and a friend split up to go ghost hunting in sPooOoOOooOoky woods with only a walky talky and an EMT device (picks up words from ghosts and displays on a screen) called the whisper box. throughout your search you get random words on your emt. you walky in to your friend to ask if hes gotten anything, and he hasn't. a little searching later and you get two words on your emt: ""friends name"" and ""die"". you walky in to tell him, and he acts as if youre joking, you assure him you aren't joking and he tells you he's getting really scared. this gets cut off by a s c r e a m, and the walky stops outputting a signal. you hear what seems to be a man's scream from elsewhere in the forest. you run to it only to find his walky and emt with the words ""friends name"" and ""dead"" on it. you know it's a horrible idea, but you go deeper into the forest. there are little puddles of blood here and there but nothing to really write home about. eventually you get to a clearing, where candles are lit in a circle surrounding a tree. in the circle, lit by candles, are Polaroids of hundreds of peoples faces with their eyes scratched out. on the tree is your friends body in a crucifixion like position. you get a few words on your emt: ""your name"" and ""fall"". the ground below you cracks and opens up in a huge gaping hole, and you, all of the photos, and the tre fall in. your EMT somehow stays on the surface, and now reads "" your name"" and ""dead"".\n\nI'm starting to realize this is more of a story than a game, but whatever. I've posted it now."
gv1q5w,COMPUTER VIRUS GAME IDEA,"Hi! It’s my first time to post here in reddit. I kinda saw some post that they’re looking for some game idea here and some are really helping them. I’m a IT student and my thesis is about game development. We already started our game topic. The gameplay is about a guy who owns a pc but suddenly his pc was attacked by unknown computer virus. Because of his curiosity, he invented a computer program wherein he can open a computer portal and go inside the computer. The game will start and his mission is to find the kill switch so that all the virus will eliminate. The obstacles are, he may encounter different virus on his way while looking for the kill switch and he either hide from them or grab his sci-fi gun which include anti-virus to kill those virus. But still I don’t have any idea what anti-virus do I have to include. My adviser also wants to know how will the game will differentiate all the virus. I’m thinking of she wants to know every virus abilities to fight the player. I know it gets boring if the virus role only is to blocked your way. I have no idea anymore :(( My adviser also told me, he wants to see a game where he can see a sci-fi and futuristic gameplay. Please help me. :(( Thank you!"
gv0zh4,Matrix game in the style of Escape From Tarkov.,"-Have player crews start on ships in the real world, jack into the Matrix and escape through changing ringing telephone locations.\n-Have a similar system to player Scavs, but with Agents instead.\n-Upgrade skills by “strengthening the mind“ or finding chips to download.\n-Optional new role of guiding teammates inside the Matrix from the ship and opening up phone locations to escape.\n-Objectives towards freeing humanity or retaining the oppression.\n\nI’m sure much more can be thought of, but the idea pretty much explains itself."
guyn37,A mining game where the only way to mine is through explosives,"In case there’s another game like this and I haven’t done enough google searches, please understand that I have no idea if this concept has been done before.\n\n...\n\nThe gameplay would be similar to Terraria, with the exception that the only way to break blocks is through mining. Players play in teams of 3, working together to bring back coal to trading companies. All resources, coal or otherwise, must be placed in a minecart that one team member pushes, or else all resources on you are lost upon death (and no, other players can’t pick up these resources). The minecart also acts as a crafting station; along the way you’ll encounter different ores, which allow you to craft dynamite with different abilities (examples include dynamite packs that have larger radius but must be placed instead of thrown, and remote-activated dynamite that remains dormant until triggered by a detonator). At the end of the day, the more coal you receive, the more money you gain in the end, which can then be spent on upgrades or cosmetics."
guxrvb,Surviving an alien invasion,"Hello, first time post here. I never knew a forum like this existed and I am really glad I found it. I have been playing games since I was 13 and I while there as been amazing games out there, I found that very few of them either mixed genre or really made something new.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMy idea is a singleplayer mix of  a zombie survival game (another one of these) with a FPS, centered around fighting back an alien invasion. The game is aiming at a believable but non hardcore survival game. Think of fallout mixed with 7 days to die and ark survival (minus the dino).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe world: The world would be our planet in the **near futur**, more precisely a region of north america. That mean slightly **more advanced technologie** such as exosuit, exotic weapons such as railgun and other gizmos. The purpose of placing it it the near futur is to allow more creative freedom and allow the suspension of disbelief on certain aspect of the game. The current state of the world would be disrepeair since the alien invasion. It would be centered around a fictionnal city, that mean a mix of heavy urban environnement, a suburb and forest/country side. The map would not have to be huge but the 3 main environnement would have to be represented to allow different gameplay. The map isn't procedural.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe story: Simply put, you are one of the few survivor of an **alien invasion** that wiped out more than 80% of the population. On an unspecified date in the futur, aliens ships would be detected by nations around the globe, multyple contact attempt would be made but none would be answered. The invasion started with the virus bombing of every major city on the planet, t**his virus would either kill the host or make him extremelly agressive (zombie)**. Those zombie would then further infect more people and would plunge the world into anarchy. Already reeling from the epidemic, the world armies would be **attacked by the alien invasion force**. Incapable of both stopping the aliens or the plague, the government would retreat to different safe zone around the continent. Left on their own, small group of survivor would form bands and small community. T**he aliens and infected would have free reign over the continent**. During the player would research how the aliens are able to operate without being attacked by infected, the answer would be low frequency emiter that would drive the infected away. The player would also interact with specific character from various backgroud, think of them as unique player follower. Last but not least, the player will be able to interact and learn from 2 specific group, the remnant of the military/governement and a community of survivor. Later down the line, the player would learn that the alien invasion is more a desperate attempt by the alien to resettle their population in the wake of an uspecified calamity on their home planet.\n\nThe gameplay: **Centered around surviving and rebuilding a group/community**. **You aren't a space marine or the chosen one**. You are a simple man or woman who start with a set of skills the player chose. You harvest or scavenge food, weapons and material to start a community.\n\n\--------Combat: There would be 2 type of combat, **melee and ranged**, set in a first person view. Melee would allow for the use of stealth and more visceral action. Its weapon would range from the iron pipe to the combat knife all the way to more exotic and futuristic weapon (power maul, stun baton, etc). This would be viable in the early game to stockpile ammo and even in the late game with the use of exosuit that multiply the user strenght and resilience. On the other hand, ranged weapon would include bow, crossbow, spear and throwing axe all the way to modern military guns and greande. The late game would allow the player to use railguns, portable minigun, etc.\n\n\-------Player interaction: The player would interact with the world in different way. The first way would be to **scavange stuff** from building, the scavenging ''node'' would be wardrobe, fridge, trash can, etc. Bushes and small tree would be harvestable for wood and berryes. Trees would be destroyable to yeld wood,rocks would yeld flint. The second layer of interaction would be with **scavenging directly from building**, this would be the hardest to implement. My dream would be a fully destroyable world like 7 days to die, where everything yeld ressource and can be destoyed. But it would also be feasible if building where only partially destructible (think of left for dead), thing such has window or wall could shatter. The third layer would be to allow the player to **build homemade building**, the system could be like Conan exile or Ark survival evolved where you are building walls and roof by section, or it could be like 7 days to die where it is by blocks. The last way the player could interact with the world is with fellow survivors. The AI would not need to be extremmelly developped, simple command such as follow, guard and craft would be enough, the thrall system for Conan exile is a good example of what would be acceptable.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe ennemy: They would be a mix of fast **infected**, slow decaying infected and the occasionnal abnormal that are more tanky. Those ennemy are centered around engaging the player in melee and swarming over him. They could cause infection or other debuf to the player. On the other hand, the **aliens** rely on superior firepower and make use of drone, mechs the size of cars and infantryman. All of which would still be affected by melee for balance reason. The alien AI would be centered around staying grouped and maintening a clear line of sight on the player. Last but not least, the alien invasion would bring with them some **fauna** such as small criter that attack the player and cause debuff, all the way to large canine monster. While not the main focus, it would hint that this is more than a simple invasion to acquire ressource. If possible, a basic invasion plan would be generated each game, simply put, it would be objectives that the aliens have acomplished at the start of the game or that they aim to complete during it. For exemple, in game A the alien controle the majority of the city and aim to destroy the remnant of the military, in game B, the alien don't control the city but rather they landed in the suburb and aim to push into the city. Ths would allow more reliability and incertainty.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nHow things would fit together would be a mix between The Surge and 7 days to die where the world is a sanbox where you can make your own story. The story, faction and unique companion would be there to entrance the player into the world but not the main point. Replayability and enjoyement would come from the gameplay. The melee options and the city layout would allow for some low-tech gameplay and CQC. The infected would also add tension and horror to the setting. The ranged combat would allow for a more modern aspect while providing a more flashy gameplay. The survival and building mechanic would enhance the story making experience with player feeling like they are rebuilding or reconquering the world. The alien invasion mixed with a survival game would allow to forge a new path away from all those FPS and explore a more grounded version.\n\nMy idea was inspired by the TV show Falling sky."
guwg9n,Any Top-Down RPG Game Ideas?,"Hey! I'm a programmer and I want to make a game for fun (I plan on posting it for free on websites similar to itch.io). The problem is, I am dry of ideas and I am not creative at all. Comment below or message me if you have any ideas that would fit into a top-down RPG game!"
guwdc2,Any ideas for pets abilities,
guv583,A Game About A Box,"In this game, you start with a box, and you play levels by moving a character on the box to specific points. Over the game, the box opens and more stuff falls out, giving access to interesting platforming/puzzle challenges and more levels."
gut48b,LETTER TO MY GAMEDEV ANGELS,"Hi there my name is Emmanuel Eke so here is my story, I love creativity (like creating something out of nothing) but I couldn't find my place in this world filled with wonder. Trust me I have searched :(\nDue to this my parents sent me to the university to study physic electronic (it a very boring course in my country I promise you that :|)\n so guess what I learned\nGraphic design :) with YouTube videos\nFinally\nI started filling being part of something I like for once in my life (at last :))\n              But, \nI felt there was something more :(\nSo I tried these \nWeb development (failed) \n2d animator (failed) \nOk\n3d animator(failed) \nFreelance (failed) \nI know you are tried of failed so \nMusic producer (failed) \nBeat maker(failed) \nEven\nMotivational speaker (loading.....) \nThen after all this failure I finally found it do you know what it is just guess OK I will spell it upside down \nPolevedemg\nDon't waste your time as I just wasted mine (Polevedemg) it game development finally something to get all my creative talent to one spot after some time it was almost lebeled failed but don't worry I conquered hmmmm\nSo after 7year I finally created my dream channel but it not yet a dream channel\n [YouTube link :) ](https://youtu.be/ehU3Ul0T-bo)\n you can check it out so\nIt was not a dream channel cause I don't have you, you and u there my dream was to have at least 1000 subscribes but God gave me 52:( maybe for now so I came here to check if there are any angels that would help me achieve that dream \n\nTHE TRUTHFUL TRUTH \nI love making game even when it tears me apart I still want it to tear and tear and tear me apart until I make something out of it so I created a whatapp group \n{wow so you are still reading this I love u :)} \n[whatapp group ](https://chat.whatsapp.com/JkMiH4ddCsu4S7snF8wrsI)\nafter this I linked it to my YouTube video and I got 32 people on it {I think I added 10 :( } \nSo here is my\n [DREAMS] \nI really want to finish a complete game before this year end (like God I have made up to 101 project and I can't finish 1 :( but I am a good tutor) \nI really want my YouTube channel to be booming like booming with lot of angels here I bet that can be done (right) I trust you \nI also need more than 500 people in my whatapp group (can I say I depend on you too for this ;)) \nIf u really believe in your DREAMS then help me BELIEVE in mine course the rope am hanging to might soon cut. \n\nThank you angel\nLove you"
gurhzw,MMO Game - Hunter v Monster style - More information to come,"PLEASE LET ME KNOW THOUGHTS ON BELOW BEFORE I START FUNDING\n\nI have had many great ideas to implement an MMO RPG which takes players into the role of either the hunter or the supernatural.  The funds will go towards hiring a professional team from Chetu who will provide me with a team leader and a group of highly rated coders in order to work with my ideas and create a game for everyone to play. Everyone who donates, will get  certain perks and benefits once the game has been released, including early access, different skins and supernatural monsters available. If you have any more questions, please feel free to ask via messages.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAlso - if there is any coder who would like to hear my ideas and help / work on this project purely for the enjoyment of trying to get a new, different game out there, please message me."
guo936,BOXHEAD 2Play,"How about the old flash game Boxhead 2Play, is remade with the possibility to play online COOP multiplayer? Is this a sick idea, or am I being just nostalgic?"
gunine,Interesting Team-based mechanics?,"Most action games that feature the use of Companions always relegate them to a passive, often uninteresting role.\n\nAre there mechanics that we can use with player-controlled teams?"
gukvyv,something most games should have,instead of the armour having the stats you get a scroll that you can put on the armour for stats and the armour is purely cosmetic with a challenge system to get armour and only a few p2w armours!
gufqld,A game where protests from Hong Kong or the US are controlled by you with the mechanics from Plague Inc,"The game will be about you controlling the protestors and unlocking abilities to counter the police and locations on a map for where to protest.  I want the game to be as realistic as possible so the ideas for what to put in are infinite.  There can be stuff like upgrades for gear like masks and camo, social media influence, propaganda being spread around the world about what is happening.  There can even be events that favor either side such as Anonymous hacking the government website.  Strategy should be the number one priority, but luck can play a huge role.  I want specific tactics to be unlocked such as ways the protestors deal with the tear gas and building weapons or tools from household items to help fight.\n\nThere can even be a mode where you can play as the police and have a budget on what to spend the money on such as tear gas, rubber bullets, more policemen, etc."
guasai,game about social media,"Game sort of like plague inc, but it's like everything spreads through people talking about it. cool  title I just thought of is ""word of mouth"" difficulty could be like starting years where internet is different (non existent, some people know about it, widespread, world wide) got the idea through realizing how many classic game cheat codes I found through friends telling me."
gu9pn5,Half baked Setting + mechanic,"Middle eastern desert\n\nSand everywhere\n\nYou rob caravans and traders\n\nThat’s it, I told you it was half baked but it would be cool."
gu5vr8,Jesus Christ IO,"A ""cross"" between a instant online games and the gulag concept from call of duty's battle royal game warzone. Essentially it's 15-20 minute matches of free for all combat(yes I understand it's not instant online anymore at that point). People start out with fists, and get god like powers/equipment for getting kills. Overall the whole sytsem is set up to be a pecking order where walkers are meant to be prioritized.\n\nKill streaks don't stop when you die, you just get bumped back down a kill streak, and it is possible to go negative. Go negative and you end up in hell. Go too negative and you can get stuck in hell for ever as the anti christ, (you will be able to return to heaven, but only in the form of a raid to make more people go negative and lose the game too) The idea is to keep as many people coming in and out of hell as possible while letting the people on opposite ends that have the most power just bully the people below them. If you become a anti christ the goal is to make everyone else lose the game with you. If everyone becomes the anti christ the game is over that's it no one wins.\n\nI don't know if images are allowed here as it seems I can't post the image in this post so I will link a imgur here: [https://imgur.com/a/YecWgKR](https://imgur.com/a/YecWgKR) Yes there are lots of spelling and grammer issues it's not fun fixing in a image.\n\nIf you use the idea I just want a in game character name after me with description ""He doesn't look a thing like jesus, but he talks like a gentleman"""
gu4uqs,Need mechanics for Gliding,"Gliding in games has proven to be a pretty fun method of traversal and exploration. Parachutes, Paragliders, Wings and Capes can be used as a Gliding mechanism. \n\nBut are there any mechanics one can use in a game that features Gliding? Maybe something that can improve it in terms of Gameplay?"
gtz7d0,Viking RPG Open World Game Idea.,Hi All.\n\nFor the past month or so I have been working on a game pitch for an Open World RPG game based around Vikings and Saxons. Here's my idea. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Concept:**\n\nThe game is an open world rpg where you start of as a teenage viking or saxon and you can choose your story. You're also able to build settlements and conqure the world if you wish. The era is set around 900AD onwards.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Size:**\n\nThe map size is based around the 7 kingdoms of England but can travel further by buying ships.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf anyone would like to have a look at my presentation for feedback or if interested please contact me :). If someone makes the game from the presentation I would love to be credited or a character made of me :).  \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCheers\n\nBrutal
gtysyc,Text Adventure Game,I need to make a choice driven TAG as Computer science project (junior high). Does anyone have some suggestions? Need Ideas ASAP
gtysxa,One life with aging in a fantasy world,"Hello, also one of my crazy idea :) The main point is that player starts as child (or 18 y.o) and have one life, so it's permadeath here. Years go by,  and player could die in fight/because of hungry/or age, the game setting is a fantasy world that also would procedurally change and every new ""life"" should be little different, because in this life your fantasy kingdom has guild of wizards and dangerous dragon as main enemy and in the next your kingdom has guild of warriors and many orcs or something like this. So it's permadeath adventure with aging and randomly growing fantasy kingdom."
gtys5v,"Shooter in which you become a poltergeist when you die. If you get revenge on the enemy who killed you in a certain time frame, you respawn buffed.","Heya, sorry for the illegible title.\n\nThis is a a shooter (or any combat game, really).\n\nOn death, you become a ghost; which means you are unable to directly damage your enemies or use your weapons. However, you can interact with the environment (open taps, break objects, ...) and float through walls like a poltergeist could.\n\nThe ghost mode is limited to a short timeframe (30s? 1m?), and if you succeed in getting revenge on the enemy who killed you, you resurrect at the same point with a buff. If you don't, you die regularly.\n\n**Paired with a skilltree**, that would make it possible for you to play a normal shooter character who avoids death or a more risky ghost-focused character who relies on strong buffs and dying quickly for progress."
gttnu7,A racing game but with a twist,"Basically, its a standard racing game. You race other people to the end. But here’s the catch: One person is out of a vehicle and actively tries to kill the others. The racers dont have power-ups, but the guy killing the others does. They get stuff like tacks, forks, rocks, and if you get lucky, a device that is invisible that can stick to their car and from a controller, can blow up their engine and anyone in their proximity, etc. Once hit, they’d have to get out of their car and fix it. The more damage, the longer they stay out. This is when the killer can kill them. Its sort of Dead By Daylight inspired. You can bump into the other’s cars to slow them down or knock them off-track. The goal of the drivers is to pass the finish line 5 times, and the killers goal is to, well, kill. This is probably a very hard game to make and if you do choose to develop this, feel free to change this to make it fair."
gtpjz7,More Dynamic VR Games,"VR games are able to detect where your hand is. Therefore, why couldn't a player tell the game where real life walls are (through a button on the controller) and other obstacles, so that the player can avoid hitting things (since they would see them in the VR game. \n\nCould be a first person shooter where you place enemy spawn points and play around in a room or any other sort of game. Could even be multiplayer.\n\nProblems:\n-wired vr \n-accuracy of walls (Maybe inflate the size ingame)\n-multiplayer would only work if in same house"
gtpide,Avatar fighting game with Mortal Kombat X mechanics.,"The roster can be a mix of Avatar and Korra characters, maybe there can be a inter actable background,like characters can throw cabbage mans cart and stuff. Talking about cabbage man i would want him to be a playable character, who is a glass canon and if in the hands of a good player can be deadly. \n\n\nIf they were to have a story they can either retell previous stories or make a new story. I have an idea but im pretty sure people will think its a shitty idea but im going to talk about it anyways. Maybe there could be a water bender or some shit that can control gravity and because of that can control time. Im pretty sure your wondering how the hell could a water bender control gravity, well im thinking since they get their power from the moon and the moon produces gravity waves or some shit maybe they can control gravity idk. And the villain could be fucking up timelines which will force some of the characters to team up to stop him. Well thats my shitty story idea go away now."
gtoxza,"Gameplay which depends on AI and physics, where you help a johnny5 robot build some kind of machine with levers gears chains etc that allows the johnny5 to, true to physics, ride a motercycle and operate it controls and do wheelies and ride on a dirtbike race track","Imagine a motorcycle with a small platform above it with various poles gears chains etc between the platform and the seat, handlebars, brakes and gas controls, etc, which if operated by putting force on things above the platform, allows a person or a robot to ride the motorcycle, even if the robot isnt shaped well to sit on the motorcycle as it is.\n\nFurther, imagine the robot on the platform on the motorcycle, still true to physical simulation, driving it over a tightrope and other circus stunts etc."
hlx1hz,FPS Shooter,"* 2 factions Magic and Guns\n* The factions allow you to mix and match equipment in that class (Like a Tank healer, or Speed gunner)\n* You design your own character similar to gta but less realistic kinda like that Final Fantasy MMO"
hlvfrt,Difficulty affects the story and charater actions,"Easy- You can kill enemies easily, people stare at you like you're some sort of Demi-God. You are praised as a superhero.\n\nMedium- You can still die pretty easily. Not as praised but still considered a hero\n\nHard- Your charater gets more and more pissed every time you die. Less heroism.\n\nVery Hard- Everybody is dying and you feel personally attacked. One playthrough you treated so kindly and now you keep getting yelled at for not doing shit you can't do without dying."
hltydh,"A Grand Strategy game, where you really feel like a ruler at some point in history","Hi everyone,\n\nI already sunk weeks in Grand Strategy games like Europa Universalis 4, Crusader Kings 2, or the Total War Series. But rarely did I get the feeling I am a ruler of that time. So I thought of a game that would do so. As I have no programming skills (I studied Management and Architecture), I am looking for a small team that is willing to try to make this game with me.\n\nThese are the basic principles of my  game idea:\n\n1. Actions and messages are not distributed in real-time. Example:  Your general lays siege on the capital of your enemy. You only get the information of this siege with the delay, the messenger needs to travel the distance between the siege and your location.\n2. Indirect control: You only control what is around you. Example: You declare war to a country. Now you can lead your army into battle and designate a ruler, or rule your country and send a general to fight your enemy. Either way, you can't do both and lose the possible actions of the other role.\n3. Your country is managed in budget form. In Europa Universalis 4 you build every building yourself. This is no fun and doesn't make sense. My idea is to have three big branches you can spend money on. Military, Infrastructure and diplomacy. Every one of those has sub-policies you can set. Example: I spend 50% of my budget on infrastructure. With the sub-policies of civilian spending (against military spending) and decentralized spending (against centralized spending) This means I invest in hospitals, roads, or production facilities in the whole country. The outcome is a happier population and higher taxes and trade income.\n4. I don't want to see numbers. Especially in Paradox games, you have numbers everywhere. This takes a lot of immersion away. Of cause, the underlying systems are based on numbers, but I want to disguise them where it is possible. Example: I conquered new land with a population of a different culture. They are unhappy with me as their new ruler. I don't get a tooltip which ticks up to 100% and then a rebellions starts, no. I should get information like, they lynched an official or burned a building. If it doesn't get better, then they suddenly revolt. Of cause the chances rise, when I started another war and my military units left the area.\n5. Cities and regions are not determined. I hate the way paradox split their map into regions, counties, whatever. I think the map should be without borders. And cities can get bigger or burned down, so there is nothing left. If you win a war, you really should be able to take the map and draw the border as you like (Of cause, something like war score is taken into account)\n6. You only have one stat. How good you are should be determined by the actions you take and not by a stat that says how good your diplomacy skill is. But you have one stat and every other person in the game also has this stat, which is prestige. If you are successful, your prestige rises and this influences how other people interact with you. Example: I imprison a general who successfully conquered an enemy and demanded part of the new land for himself. This action is probably seen as tyrannical and so my prestige will sink. This probably will lead to a conspiracy by the friends of the general.\n7. Your standard view is not the map. I haven't fully fletched out this part, but your screen should not be centered around the map. This point is a way to improve immersion. Maybe you are in a room and the wealth you gathered is shown by how big and beautiful the room is. And on one side there are your trophies. Or you can schedule events and build a big garden. How big and beautiful decides if the King of another country accepts your offer to form an alliance. This should give the player motivation to improve their realm without just fighting other countries to gain more land.\n\nI know that some of these are probably to much for making a small game in the free time. But first, I am looking for people who hopefully share my passion for grand strategy games. I would propose to form a small team and to share all future profits (hopefully there are some) equally.\n\nI am interested in your opinions and tips.\n\nOh and btw, I am german :)"
hls919,When I was a kid I loved to build my own robots from Lego... So I came out with idea... The idea of game about old rusty robots just fighting with eachother...,"The plot is that there are some old robots that were \nthrown away and they made a society split in two teams... (i didn't came out with idea what teams there are gonna be... Yet) and they fight with eachother.\n\nI actually don't care if it's heroshoter or mmo or rpg\nIt depends on the developer that wants to create it (but personally I think heroshoter is the best idea)\n\nIf you are interested text to me 'couse I wanna help with developing (mainly on designing, plot and mechanic ideas)"
hlrwtn,A game im thinking of," I have a idea for a game which i need some help with to know if it would  be good or shite. It take place in a alternative universe where the  world never split so basically the world is one giant country called  ""Helion"" in the middle is a giant desert about 20.000km across this is  the ""Sea Of Sand"" its here in the year 12,020 that the world ends. A war  on resources begins it ends with everyone nukes each other people hurry  to bombshelters where they stay for quite a while 250 years to be  exact. This is when your introduced to your character waking up from  some sort of nightmare from the outside you see the sky glowing bright  and screaming everywhere. But how are you getting these nightmares? You  werent even born when the bombs fell. so you sign up for the expedition  team to go outside to find resources... Outside the Bombshelter you find  the world turned into hell. High radiation everywhere, monsters and  rouge humans."
hlpiy5,A skiing battle royale game,"I had this idea for a skiing battle royale type game where speed is the key to win.\n\nBasicly you would have a procedually generated endless slope and maybe around 30-40 players. The other players would appear as ghosts, so you would be able to go through eachother. You start by choosing a starting point at the top of the slope. Then when the game beginns the player in last place will start taking damage, untill they die. The width of the slope would decrese with time, forcing players together. To get ahead you would do tricks of jumps and such. The tricks would then give you a temporary speed boost.\n\nThis idea just popped up in my head after playing some steep\n\nEdit: spelling"
hln1bc,feature driven game development,"Hi, everyone, my friend and I want to check and improve our skills as developers and game-designers.And we have a small offer for you. You write weird mechanics for the game, we choose 4-5 weirdest features, and try to implement them all in one project on Unity but just to make it playable.\n\nThanks for your attention !"
hlmtgh,Rockstar should make a game that takes place in russia before/during the Russian revolution.,Hello all. This is my first post to this subreddit. \n\nSo I’ve been looking at the history of various countries and I have to say the one that most interested me was russia through 1907-1923. And I can’t believe there hasn’t been any video games from what I’ve seen that take place there as that time period in Russia is super intestering and can make a for a great environment. So I think rockstar should make a game in a similar style to rdr 1 and 2 involving a group of Russians or the story of two brothers who eventually get divided by the events that happen in and throughout Russia. Sound good?
hlmktc,Need help on a game idea,So basically I need a good 2d or 3d (prefer 3d) game idea. I need an easy / intermediate one.\nI ask there because I don't know where to start to make a good one.
hlmgcn,A game where the player is able to imitate the animals around them,"So currently I'm developing a game with the player being able to imitate animals abilities as the core feature. So I was thinking this could be done 1 or 2 ways, 1. The player actually transform into the animal or 2. The player is able to craft something which provides them with the abilities.\n\nAny thoughts or suggestions on what you think?"
hllx7q,"Couple ideas I had: player-made NPCs, and escape-the-matrix","An open world MMO game where you can build and ""train"" your own NPCs. The world would start as completely virgin, then players would spawn in with their first NPC and tell it what to do from a menu of commands like harvest resources, dig, run, hunt, etc. These actions can be done manually, or from the NPC interface's list of commands. Once you have enough resources, you can free form build or use a blueprint to have the NPC build it for you. Or you can use the resources to spawn another NPC. This will give you twice the manpower. This allows you to fill up your area with a bunch of workers each of whom you can control manually, or via scheduled commands. The barren world would quickly look bustling! There are limitations though. Each command has a cost to it. You need to make sure each of your NPCs maintains enough of this ""fuel"" to keep following your command. If the NPC runs out of this fuel, then it will go into a coma. You can still manually control the NPC, you just won't be able to ""program"" it until you have it pick up more fuel. So a command to periodically have the NPC pause working and go into your treasury to fuel up is necessary! You can set a timer, or make a conditional such as ""when fuel &lt;10, walk to &lt;treasury&gt;, and &lt;fuel_up&gt;"". But the costs are greater for more complex programming so keep it simple! But as long as you have enough fuel, then you can make as many conditionals you want. Fuel can be bought from the game company or other players, or mined from the ground, or stolen from other players' NPCs lol. So you can make an entire city of NPCs each with their own personalities and responsibilities and have them periodically go out trying to conquer other players' NPCs. And obviously make sure your city's treasury doesn't get captured so program your NPCs to defend your city when you're not logged in. For ex, ""if &lt;gate&gt; not empty, then do &lt;id check&gt; at &lt;gate&gt;. if &lt;id check&gt; != &lt;greenlist&gt;, then &lt;ring&gt; &lt;bell&gt;."" You can program it however you want be picking and choosing from your command library. You can add custom commands to your library yourself, or buy new commands from the devs or other players. Bought commands won't reveal the underlying mechanisms so that players won't get their creativity stolen. Plus, it allows for creative backdoors where you could fool another player into buying your &lt;Moonwalk_Dance&gt; command but it has a &lt;run_away&gt; command in it. Then you can just defeat that NPC easily and take its fuel. Obviously, there will be default commands provided by the devs so new players can enjoy the game without customizing their commands but better/cheaper/faster commands will have to be developed or bought to allow for truly infinite possibilities. Theoretically, you'd be able to kickstart a town and it would grow by itself as long as the NPCs can keep harvesting/capturing more fuel and making more NPCs. \n\n----------------\n\nThe other idea I had came from watching speedruns. This isn't an MMO but a single player game where the main character is stuck in the matrix but doesn't know it at the start but the truth slowly starts to get revealed by seeing glitches and bugs. But the player just thinks the devs screwed up without realizing it until the end that those glitches are part of the game world and he was supposed to utilize them to get a better result. These glitches don't even exist for the first arc, but they keep getting more and more obvious until the end where the character just falls through the map and causes an overflow error in the matrix engine and then exits the matrix to the sound of applause in the real life ballroom where everyone in the audience shows their reaction to the character's performance. The faster the character breaks out of the matrix, the louder the applause. If the character takes too long, then some of the audience already left and the remaining audience curses at him. So here's the catch: the game devs don't program in any glitches into the matrix in the first arc so it should theoretically be impossible for the character to exit the matrix below a certain time. But speed runners are really good at finding unintended glitches so that programmed limit gets beat by them by utilizing the glitches in the actual game to get out of the in-game matrix! And here the audience at the epilogue just goes insane at your character's performance because they don't realize that it wasn't the matrix that had the issue but their reality itself xd. So basically, the game devs make a game for speed runners where the unintended glitches that the speed runners find only add to the immersion!"
hle087,"A Gritty, Dark Post Apocalypse Survival FPS RPG Sandbox","Something with an actual serious tone. Fallout has a funny 50s charm, Rage is mega punk rock, Farcry New Dawn is all pink etc. I'd like a gritty difficult kill or be killed, find supplies, build shelter, gear up, fix up electronics, etc, but with an actual story, side quests etc. The Metro games were cool, but they had a strange sci fi element to them, and they were mostly linear shooters. Also I don't really find shooting giant bullet sponge monster mutants all that fun."
hld0zb,"an extremely bad monday morning, a bite sized point and click adventure.","so this idea is my nearly full idea of this game, or at least part one of it (yes there could be a part 2)\n\nso this is a first person point and click adventure game, standard point and click elements, one thing is you can press a button to pause an unpause at any time just like that, which is cool.\n\nfirst thing is a black screen, you are asleep, warmth, comfort, you then hear the blaring of an alarm, in which you have the choice of getting up or saying 5 more minutes and going back to sleep, if you choose 5 more minutes it leads to a game over.\n\nwhen you choose to wake up you realize you are not in your bed but in a bathtub, and the alarm clock is hanging right above it seeming like it will fall down at any moment, and as you get up you see the bathtub is partially filled with blood, as you suddenly vomit blood yourself, and realize your are severely injured and bleeding out.\n\nfirst timed section of the game, scrounge the cabinets and fix your wounds lest you bleed out.\n\nafter that part you see that the door is barricaded and locked, and you have to find a hammer to pull the nails off the board barricades, and a key to unlock the door, all before you die from the toxic gas slowly filling the room, and here is the second timed section where you have to get those items and open the door.\n\nonce you open the door, its the end of the game, or at least part one of it.\n\npart two will have you exploring around the house and trying to find answers to questions like, who are you? how did you get here? what happened to the world? and whats that thing in the sink?\n\nand this is my idea, thought it up and decided to spill it out here."
hlcqyt,Horror/exploration game where you attempt to find the missing colony of Roanoke after returning from England,"Explore the new world as you attempt to understand how a whole colony simply vanished into thin air. Would make for a great, short horror title."
hlabi1,A VR building game with AI, a VR game with AI so you build a city but AI help you here are the ai's and what they do the first one is the good AI he just build the city with you I also forgot that each AI get a plot of land that you can't build on the bad AI makes a city with low happiness there is the The Dictator he makes a dystopian megacity he gets the biggest plot of land he builds a capital and then builds individual districts like food District or Water District there is the abused he tries to make a a city he also shares the same plot of land with you I also forgot you can interact with them you can hit them say hi to them if you hit the abused he will run away there is the protector he protects the abused and other ai's if you hit them there's the king he creates walls around his City the people who can't pay go outside the walls and farm the poor people go inside go inside the the rich people get behind the second wall and the Royal people the police and the royal guard live behind the third wall if I have new ai ideas I will tell you them in the comments
hl8w1b,Any good 2d Handy game ideas,does anyone have an idea for a good 2d handy game that is not existing pls help
hl6i6n,"Thoughts on my game idea ""White Out""",So I've been out of ideas for a while but I think I just came up with one. It would be a puzzle game where you start out in a blank room. All that's in it is a lights. Then slowly through progression the world get revealed. The goal of the game is to discover you way through the world be solving puzzles until you find you spaceship to leave the world you are stuck on. I wanted to make this game but didn't know how much other people would like this.
hl65k8,Language Learning Game ?," Hello everybody,\n\nFor a week now, I have been planning on making language learning a fun experience instead of a boring procedure.\n\nDo you guys have any ideas or at least think it's possible to make the learning language process more fun and immersive ?\n\nI'm working on this minigame called ""Foreigners"" where you play as a chef who has moved to a foreign country where he must to adapt and learn the language of his customers with the help of his translation book\n\nHere's the link to check it out [https://imperial.itch.io/foreigners](https://imperial.itch.io/foreigners) Let me know guys what are you thoughts and we can discuss here on this discord: [https://discord.gg/HX4XaUh](https://discord.gg/HX4XaUh)\n\nThank you so much for your time"
hl4j1q,I need help to improve my game. It's called Hold My Ale and it's an RPG with pen &amp; paper mechanics.,"Hi guys,\n\nSince i was a kid i always wanted to create games and some years ago i had the pleasure to play D&amp;D a bunch of times with some friends.\n\nFor several different reasons i can't play with them anymore but i didn't want that the D&amp;D flame die.\n\nIn the beginning of the year i decided to make a game inspired in several childhood games and also D&amp;D.\n\nThis game is inspired in D&amp;D, Ultima Online, Darkest Dungeons and Commandos.\n\nI'm adding some features i love in several video games like crafting, stealth and languages.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nFor the interested players here is a break down of the future game systems and i would be glad if you can improve them with suggestions and new ideas. Keep in mind I'm a solo player and at anytime some of these systems could change or be eliminated. These are ideas for a dream game not necessary the final game.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nPen &amp; Paper\n\n[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPm753VwJTg&amp;lc=Ugz9Abc8gUJ3zS2GtS14AaABAg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPm753VwJTg&amp;lc=Ugz9Abc8gUJ3zS2GtS14AaABAg)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSpells\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_daGreQ2Tkk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_daGreQ2Tkk)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCHARACTERS\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCharacters will be adventurers or workers and they can be saved from the dungeons\n\nAdventurers can be added to a party and workers can work in the player's house to craft several items or do tasks.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\- Warrior (Adventurer): can use heavy armour and melee weapons (lethal and non lethal like needles with sleeping drugs)\n\n\- Mage (Adventurer): will be able to use different kind of magic (lethal, non lethal and stealth) and light armour\n\n\- Scholar (Adventurer): will be able to detect characters health, understand and teach other languages, identify characters likes, dislikes, weaknesses and strong features and he is the better communicator of the all characters \n\n\- Rogue (Adventurer): can arm, detect and disarm traps, use stealth, light armour and melee weapons (lethal and non lethal like darts with sleeping drugs)\n\n\- Ranger (Adventurer): can use range weapons (lethal and non lethal), medium/light armour and pets, can talk to animals\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\- Blacksmith (Worker)\n\n\- Carpenter (Worker)\n\n\- Cook (Worker)\n\n\- Alchemist (Worker)\n\n\- Tailor (Worker)\n\n\- Farmer (Worker)\n\n\- Miner (Worker)\n\n\- Woodcutter (Worker)\n\n\- Forester (Worker)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nENVIRONMENT\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\- Outside and inside dungeons , quest locations \n\n\- Village stores and bank\n\n\- Player house with divisions\n\n\- Outside and inside resource areas\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCORE MECHANICS\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWhen a player enters a location he can choose fight, hide or befriend creatures.\n\nAfter enter a location the player will be in freedom mode and can use stealth or attacks (lethal or non lethal) like in a action RPG while not seen by any creature. After being seen the pen &amp; paper turn based mechanics will be activated. In this mode the player can do several actions (major, minor and movement) in his turn like attack, move, talk, push and pull, equip and use items.\n\nWhen all the enemies are killed, befriended or avoided the player will enter in the freedom mode again and can got to other area, teleport resources to his house or receive crafted items.\n\nWhen all party members die the player will loose the items that are not in the bank or in his house but will keep the workers, house improvements and race friendship status (see below in friendship system).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCOMBAT SYSTEM\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nPlayers can use deadly (the common melee, ranged and magic attacks from other RPGs) and non deadly attacks.\n\nNon deadly attacks will include freeze or make enemies sleep to give player an opportunity to befriend them.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe combat will have pen &amp; paper mechanics with dice rolling after the player being discovered by the enemy, stealth mechanics like Commandos and Desperados games while enemies didn't find out the player's presence.\n\nPlayers can also talk with possible enemies.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe anatomy skill will provide players with the ability to give localised damage (head, eyes, ears, arms, torso, legs, etc...)\n\nHigher the skill more probability to give a successful attack in one of those target locations.\n\nThis will increase the strategy of the game giving the possibility to slow down the enemy, make the enemy drop his weapon or shield, break some part of the armour, reduce attack damage from the enemy, increase attack damage from the player when hitting the enemies weaknesses (after identified by scholars)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nFRIENDSHIP SYSTEM\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nPlayers will have an option to befriend rational and irrational enemies.\n\nTo befriend rations beings the player can talk to them, do some quests for them or give them something that they like (Scholars will have to learn the language and have a skill to find out what are the enemies likes and dislikes)\n\nTo befriend irrational beings, players will have to find out the items these beings like and give them to the enemies.\n\nIf a player wants to befriend a being but he doesn't have the items needed he can freeze them or put them to sleep until they found the items and return to give them to the enemies.\n\nThe race friendship status will increase each time the player befriends a being of that race, this will increase the chances of befriend other beings of that race.\n\nBefriended enemies can help players giving them items and useful information.\n\nThe race friendship status will also be important to buy specific race resources for crafting.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nLANGUAGE SYSTEM\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nPlayers can learn new languages if they have a scholar in their party.\n\nTo learn a language scholar will have to read inscriptions and books located in the dungeons.\n\nAfter the scholars read books or inscriptions with all the letters of that language alphabet they can get a   language decoder from a carpenter. Player will have to decode the stone inscriptions and write the right translation below. When a player writes the right translation on the stone he will learn the language and will be able to talk to enemies, ear what enemies say before entering a room and translate what they say.\n\nLearning a language will be useful to use stealth since mages can transform in other creatures with the right spell but if those creates see the player's transformed mage they will ask him questions before let him pass, if the player eared the right conversations they can answer those questions.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCRAFTING / BUILDING SYSTEM\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe player will start with a house with a small division (3 x 3 or something this can be increased over time) and a small piece of land to farm.\n\nItems can be bought from village stores or crafted in the player's house.\n\nPlayers can switch between dungeon, house and village views during the game.\n\nAll the crafting items that players get from the dungeon could be teleported (while not in combat) to his house to be crafted by the workers. To teleport goods a teleport stone will be needed in player inventory and a teleport ank in each work division in the player house. Workers will then grab the resources and craft the item needed.\n\nHouse divisions can be bought and resized with money.\n\nTo create an item the worker will need to have the necessary skill and it will take time to craft each item (I still don't know how i will deal with time in the game)\n\nTo be able to craft weapons for example, the player needs to save a blacksmith from a dungeon and create a blacksmith room in his house with a teleportation ank and buy the necessary tools and benches for that type of crafting. The workers and adventurers will need Ale and food to keep fighting or working for you.\n\nResource areas with common and uncommon resources can be bought from the one of the village stores.\n\nRare resources can only be extracted from a cleared dungeon after a player build a teleportation ank in that room and assign a miner to that resource.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSTEALTH SYSTEM\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAfter players enter a map section, most of the time, they can choose to use a stealth strategy like Commandos or Desperados games.\n\nOnly mages and rogues can use stealth abilities but both of them can also use these abilities on the other party members if they (mages and rogues) have enough skill.\n\nRogues can became invisible or make other party members invisible (the amount of party members that the skill can be applied will be restricted).\n\nMages can transform themselves in other creatures or the party members and talk to enemies to convince them to exit that room or even give items/information they need.\n\nBesides transforming the mage need to learn the creature's language from the scholar to be able to understand and give the right answer to the creature.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI would love to know your ideas / suggestions and if this is a game that you would play.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nFollow the progress:\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nDiscord: [https://discord.gg/cW7efrV](https://discord.gg/cW7efrV) \n\nTwitter: [https://twitter.com/GamePuppets](https://twitter.com/GamePuppets)\n\nYoutube: [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjmcTrxx--d\_7FqbnB4vV\_A](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjmcTrxx--d_7FqbnB4vV_A)"
hl2hgi,Please help me w some game PLOT ideas! Game with ANCIENT like world with temples and adventures,"HI! I am currently working on my art portfolio for Concept Art. I am a good artist but not a really good writer. I would love to draw 2D art with ancient worlds, temples, nature and adventures. I am asking for anybody to suggest me some basic ideas for a plot in a game like this. That way it would be easier for me to start creating the world with some basic plot in mind! Feel free to write me anything that comes to your mind and maybe I could go around and combine multiple ideas. Thanks in advance!"
hl0kai,X-games video game,"Make an ""X-Games"" video game with BMX, skateboarding, and aggressive inline...with a solo campaign mode, and online career mode to hold tournamants, and build up your customized character. Your character would start from the bottom tier online, and match you with similar ranked players, but you would also have the option of beating campaign mode if you want to rank up a couple tiers before playing online. There would be customizable gameplay, and customizable skate parks that you can share online for others to use. You can create clan tags for people to rock, and invite them to join your party for team competitions.The game would have to be realistic though, with tricks being somewhat difficult to land requiring a skill check mid-trick, but as you rank up you can utilize perks to give you an edge in certain ways."
hksyss,A typing game,"This game will be in the style of a messaging app on a phone, having the player play through typing a message yo someone (dont worry it gets interesting) So basically this game centers around the player using their keyboard to string together sentences that don’t necessarily have to make sense, but they have to contain real words. The challenge of the game comes in the form of a timer that gets reset every time the player presses the spacebar, thus starting a new word. The player mist think fast, typing words that come to mind. Also, the player cannot use words they have already used. If they do, the word is deleted and the timer keeps ticking. The player can also get powerups in the form of autocorrect and  an autocomplete bar to choose a word that will be typed instantly. The way the player earns these powerups is by typing in specific words that come up at the top of the screen at random times like notifications from people texting you. The player will have a certain amount of lives and every time they mispell or type in a word that doesnt exist they lose one. If the timer gets too high, you lose one and the timer resets. Lose them all and game over. The aim of the game is to go for as long as possible. Also, for added charm, when the player dies, the message sends, and the recipient replies a random phrase along the lines of: what the heck did i just read."
hkq28p,"Game about classic fantasy tropes in a modern setting, please comment common fantast cliches and tropes","I really like this idea but I'd also like some more classic fantasy tropes suggested\n\n  \nJust about anything that is present in fantasy, no matter how basic or obvious, or complicated and specific"
hkecb6,MMO that allows cross class skills,"Anyone remember the original StarWars Galaxies where stats from different skill trees would stack? So, instead of focusing on being one type of character class, you could combine and create your own. For example, I had a tanky hand2hand/sniper... \n\nAnyways, my idea is similar. Most MMOs offer items that grant +skill points, where you get points into certain skills without ""using"" earned skill points. However, these items are class specific and can only be equipped by said class. \n\nWhat if... you loot an item that grants points into another class' skill, but you can actually equip it AND use that skill? Think of the possibilities. Fire mage with a tanky shield block skill. Ranger with a rogue's sneak attack bonus. Healer with nukes.\n\nItems like this could also drive a game's economy. What was once a useless +1 druid root ring could be a rogue's saving grace to escape a poorly timed battle... or a sadistic fire mage's hilarious afternoon. Who knows?\n\nAn alternative yet more complicated version of this would be for items to grant the skill to the player, and then the player could level that skill as well... food for thought."
hk9oma,"MMO Dungeon Manager Where you ""Lose"". (Not actually multiplayer)","Dungeon Managers are an existing genre, but none of them(That i know of) capture a big element of game dungeons.    Rewards. Items, weapons, and armor.   Every Dungeon manager is just about killing the heroes and defending a heart or Dungeon master.  They are just Tower defense games with more layers.   \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis game would be closer to a park manager.  You can kill heroes, but that is not always the best way to progress.   You can assign loot to monsters, and if the heroes make it out with that loot, your reputation and the power of those Heroes go up.  You can build more floors and give better loot to draw stronger and stronger people into your levels.   If they survive, heroes could return with the gear they found, and become Repeat visitors. \n\nKilling strong heroes can give you access to stronger gear for loot and stronger monsters to guard it. Making the dungeon too powerful will cause less heroes to appear and your reputation to suffer. If your rep falls too low, you lose for real."
hk8psr,Idea for a collectible item,"So you know how many games have *that collection quest*? Like the 900 Korok seed in Botw or the secret coins in shadow of the colossus. Well my idea might sound really crazy, but I think it would be a really cool to have readable manga as a collectible items in an anime-style game. But even better, these manga are original to that game. If someone where to implement this, not only would it be a first time (as far as I know), but it would also be possible to sell physical copies of these manga as merchandise, which I would definitely buy!"
hk6xpi,Rougelike ARG puzzle game,A game that auto generates ARG challenges. This is an idea spawned from viewing the subreddit r/ARG. The game would generate a wide variety of puzzles that all need to be combined (or used to further the progress of the game) to complete a larger goal.\n\nThe scope of what can be used for the individual puzzles is extremely vast and can have nearly any difficulty. So the primary game-play loop would just consist of individual puzzles from word searches to advanced encryption problems.\n\nThe tertiary game play loop would be much more difficult to implement. It would be rather boring if it was just a puzzle game that lead from one puzzle to the next. Ideally the puzzles would connect to one another and require creativity to solve and not just logic (Just like real ARGs).
hk4bei,A continuation to my idea,When I said my idea lots of people can't understand because all I did I tried to combine some genres now I'm going to come up with this idea it takes place in the world where's the steampunk fantasy and Wild West so the game about the airship where players still specific jobs like pilot crew member and Captain there's also races that have Buff's humans are better at being captain dwarfs are better at Manning cannons on the airship and other machinery elves are better at being Pilots and Orcs are better at combat Pilots pilot pilot heavy planes and light planes light planes include rocket plane fighter plane and bomber plane bomber plane takes out airship fighter plane well you know it takes all planes and Rocket planes are specifically designed to kill crew members and the heavy planes they have a back Gunner there are two types of heavy planes torpedo bomber and Mega bomber Mega bomber takes out airships and torpedo bomber takes out crew members Airship customisation the captain will be voted on the higher your level the more like you you are to be chosen if you become captain then your Airship layout is chosen you can have a AI spawners magic Shields like the Star Wars Shields it protects from projectiles but planes can go through you have to have a certain level to unlock more things like are shoe customization items or weapons for different classes crew member start out with a shotgun at level 1 pilot start out with a pistol at level 1 and Captain start out with a key to access the golden Gatling gun at the front of the airship it starts out slow and then after a while it goes fast for balance reasons that's it
hjy47h,Journey to Alpha Centauri - Civ/Roguelike hybrid,"The premise is pretty simple:  \n\n\nYou must  manage a ""slowboat"" Generation Ship on its way to another star system.  \n\n\nThe core of the game is managing the various modules of the ship, reconfiguring the rooms to balance the needs and happiness of the passengers. Eg: Do you use one of your bio-domes for food, or for a peaceful park to relax the passengers?  \nDo you add a second medbay, or a coffee shop?  \nPeriodically along the way, random events will occur. Mostly minor crises' which need addressing.  \nFor example,   \n""One of the passengers is inciting a riot over the quantity of rations the passengers are receiving, What do you want to do about it?""  \n""A - Increase rations (burning through food supplies faster)""  \n""B - Appeal to Reason (we don't have the supplies, the quantities we are giving are necessary) which may quell the riot, but may or may not solve things down the line""  \n""C - Capture and imprison the rebel (Lowering the passenger happiness, but stopping the riot)""  \n\n\nThe initial loadout of the ship is part of the difficulty-level selection, eg: a Sleeper-Ship is easier because most of the passengers are packed tightly in cryo-pods, while a big Generation-Ship with everyone awake for 200+ years represents a lot of opportunity for crises' to occur.  \nDifferent initial loadouts and sizes of ship allow more or less flexibility in the reconfiguring of the ship.  \n\n\nFailure comes if the passengers or crew rebel, or something destroys the ship, or components fail too much.  \n\n\nThe flight-time is the game-progress. When you're satisfied for the moment, you can time-lapse forward until the next event interrupts you (typically every 6-12 months)  \n\n\nI picture the game being mostly a top-down view of the ship interior, with colour-coordinated components and rooms.  \nEvents show mostly as dialog boxes with appropriate art.   \n\n\nThe overall gameplay might be comparable to the Antfarm and Geoscape sections of the XCom franchise of games, but with more emphasis on resource management and events that aren't solved by sending assault teams..."
hjy387,"Am currently trying to develop mini games in the style of the korean game show ""The Genius"". Anyone have interesting ideas/suggestions?",
hjuzzc,"An RPG where standard rpg rules are actually laws, and breaking them attracts police","So for instance, instead of simply being restricted to four members in your party, you can have up to four, but can also break the law by adding more; however, this would attract powerful police enemies. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI also thought that it would be cool if certain parts of the game encouraged you to just *lightly* bend the law; for instance, when saving a prisoner from, like, a tower or something, they'd have to join your party, meaning you'd either have to break the law to take them with you, or leave a party member behind forever"
hjt3l4,A Coop Multiplayer Commandos where you can't save!,"This could be very challenging! \n\nSo you know the Commandos or Desperados series. The idea is a game like this that you play in coop multiplayer as a team where each player only controls ONE character (maybe with W,A,S,D) and you must solve the maps together. Further you cannot save and load and must complete a map in one try."
hjrt8m,A very customizable speed based battle royal/moba shooter,"So i've had thid idea for a while and i think i finally have a set idea for what i want, and it's both stupid and sounds like so much fun. \n\nIdk how to start this, so i'll give the starting thing that made me want to write this here, the lore. ""In the the distant future, most of the universe was enslaved by an unknown overlord, but from the destroyed universe, a hero rose up with a mechanical humanoid suit that moved at groundbreaking speeds and was able to defeat the entity and free the entire universe. His name was Godspeed. Centuries later, the universe celebrates this hero by playing the GodSpeed Games, games where compatanents use very similar high speed suits as uniforms that they control to battle out in a highly emersive recreation of planets all over the world."" \n\nI hope people can get an idea of the game from that. I want a balls to the wall very fast shooter game where players are jumping in the air, doing tricks, and pulling off crazy stunts. This has 2 point-of-views; either third person over the head like smite, or first person like overwatch.\n\nI have a few gamemodes in mind, so bear with me when i try to explain a few major and very different ones. \n\nThe first and what i hope to be main one is called ""Thunder"". This is the basic MOBA version. Two teams of 5 control a headquarters, where they spawn. They have 9 outposts that they control on the map, 3 of each in 3 lanes. Destroying the other's headquarters means you win. This has the most MOBA feel with even aa jungle in between where your jungler can tag things to get exp and extra gold (it's gonna be hard to quickly explain the shop mechanic, so imma wait till later to explain it). There's also other moba features like minions, leveling up, and abilities (same with these). \n\nThe next mode is a similar version of Thunder called ""Lightening"". This mode is a 3v3 with a single lane and 2 towers with a few jungle camps on the map. A lot shoter than a real match, but just as fun. \n\nThe next is the battle royal ""fuck it"" mode called ""Plasma"". This mode, whenever you move, you leave a trail of paint that is your color only. When you kill an enemy, it destroys all color they left. This is the balls to the wall, duke it out with no items type game mode where you start the game with full shop items and just go ham. Yah i know this is those .io games, but i want it to be one on crack. \n\nOk so the hardest part to explain is gonna be this, the main draw of the game; customization and loadouts. \n\n\nBefore you jump into a game, you have to make a character preset. This presetn is VERY customizable. Starting off, you choose 2 guns, these are your ways of attack. There are two types of guns that you have set either to; bullets where they deal more damage but have recoil and reloading, or plasma beam where they deal less damage but are quicker and don't have as much kickback or have long reload speeds. Or you maybe want to pull a kirito and go melee weapon (with a regular and plasma distinction) where you can deal greater damage up close, but it's very risky.\n\nThe next customization is race. WAIT, not THAT race, but alien race. Different aliens all over the world compete in these games, and you get to mix and match to make an alien that fits your play style. Each alien race has 4 abilities, the left and right side. Picking a race like the fulgi (idk) have have4 set abilities, but maybe i dont like all of them and want some Shrepian thrown in, i set either left or right to be Fulgian and the other to be Shrepian, now i have a dude who has a Fulgi metal arm that's part sword, but als ohave Shrepian wings. But that's just if i go one combination, maybe i want to go Shrepian Fulgian instead of Fulgian Shrepian. Now i have Shrepian's cat teeth that bite peolple and Fulgian' s extra arm to throw things (idk). The idea is that each race has set abilities that can be mixed and matched to make something weird. \n\nNext part of this is loadouts and abilities. There's a multitude of abilties players all have access to. You start the game picking out 8. That alongside your genetic abilities based on your race makes up your item shop. When you start the game at level one, you purchase a level into a single ability. As the game goes on, you can either purchase new abilities or upgrade old ones up to level 5. You can hold up to 6 abilities and have 20 levels to spend. \n\nThere would be 2 major types of abilities. The first are actives where they do a certain buff for a short period or have a fancy thing like give you a speed boost or a powerful burst of damage. The 2nd would be passive, there they enhance your gameplay through minor bufffs such as farther scope, smaller accuracy circles, or movement speed.\n\nWhen you start a game, you may pick a loadout with your gun, your upgrabable abilities, and go from there. \n\nYou'd also get to add additonal stuff such as changing the color of your suit, add accessories, and much more.\n\nSo that's my idea. This took me around 4 hours to conceptualize and i'd love feedback (hopefully all good or just ""wow, cool idea, you put too much thought into this but i have an imagine of what this game would be like"" but im guesisng most would be ""constructive critizism"" which i love to hate cause it forces me to put mroe thought into things i forgot)."
hjr2ao,A Game where you play a giant mech who kills Kaiju,"\n\n(I already know my idea isn’t original and that this is basically Pacific Rim or Evangelion)\n\nIn this game you have two main missions, One is to kill the Kaiju and Two is to stop it from destroying the city or to cause the least amount of damage as possible. If the Monster destroys the whole city then the mission will be considered a failure.\n\n\n\nGameplay- To make it feel a but more realistic or to make it feel like you actually playing a giant mech the movements will be a bit slow but landing hit will be satisfying. You will be able to pick up stuff around you like Car, boats, etc and use them as weapons against the Kaiju to deal more damage. The more bigger the object is the more slower and more powerful your attack will be. Timing will play a big part in this game for if you dont block or parry in time, the mech will suffer damage.  Each Kaiju will be more difficult than the last and each one will have their own sort of minigame.\n\nMech Moves:\n\n\nPunch- Easy to land and does average damage.\n\n\nRocket Punch- Slow and hard to land but deals an above average amount of damage\n\n\n\nSuper Jump- This takes some time to do which will leave you vulnerable, but if you land on an enemy this can do alot of damage, but it is hard to land this on an enemy.\n\n\n\nBlock- This can reduce damage but if you block right when you get hit then you take no damage."
hjpu5t,A Suicide Squad Game,"A Suicide Squad Game where you go across the world doing missions Amanda Waller tells you to do.Before Each mission begins you get to choose 4 characters who will go on the mission. Each character specializes in something. (Example-Deadshot is best in open combat or at a range,Bronze Tiger is good in more stealthy levels and is good in hand to hand combat, The Riddler could be good in hacking but not so much in fighting,etc). \n\n\n\nDuring each mission you can switch between characters like in GTA 5, and if one of the characters dies you will have to Restart from the last checkpoint. Each Mission can go differently depending on who you choose, for example, there could be a mission where the riddler can make it easier to find your target or break codes and shit but since he isn’t a good hand to hand combatant you have to protect him from being killed.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThe fighting mechanics will be like the Arkham games. Each character has their own skill tree,in which you can only upgrade if you play them in a mission. If you don’t obey what Amanda Waller there will be a cutscene where the character your playing head blows up."
hjcxvw,You choose the game idea,I will be making **a pc game that I want to finish in 2 weeks or so**.\n\nMechanics? You choose them\n\nPerspective? 2D\n\nCharacters ( if any )? You choose them\n\nStory ( if any )? You choose it\n\nChoices? You choose if yes or no\n\nMultiple endings? You also choose if yes or no\n\nArtstyle? Either pixel art or drawn ( you choose it )\n\nSimple or complex game? You choose it etc\n\nHave a nice day Reddit!
hjcdx3,Customizable In-game Voice,"I was thinking what if players can customize their voice  with a bar option of low pitch to high pitch in games.  This can help players in many genre games especially Role Playing games like GTA 5 , RDR2 or Arma and many  more upcoming games. If this functionality is available in next GTA game that would be  awesome for doing RP.    \n I am not saying it would completely change a male voice to female voice or vice versa, that would certainly destroy the purpose of playing. People use different 3rd party applications to make  suitable voice according to their gameplay and characters, which in many cases makes problem in other games voice chat or  Teamspeak as  different output/input  audio devices has to be chosen. In-game voice customizing ability makes it  smooth and easy."
hjaqmv,"Flying City Builder (Multiplayer), similar to Bioshock Infinite","The idea is you build a flying city similar to Bioshock Inifite.\n\nYou start from scratch on earth where you can buy material and must use it to construct something (tower, some kind of stairs, airship) to transport stuff to the sky (or any height you like) where you place the foundation of your city. You fill and place Helium gas cells or balloons  and mount areas on it to walk, sit and connect them to bigger modules. You further must create and automate aircrafts (big zeppelins, helicopters or similar) that bring more material and people/tourists, build rails, trams and transport systems, plant flying gardens and much much more! Further you can chose between hydrogen or helium where hydrogen is much much cheaper but therefore can burn the whole thing down like the Hindenburg if you are not carefully!\n\nI thought of an easy mode where the lifting gases carry more than in reality to make the floating bags/balloons the city is built on smaller and a reality mode where you must really caluclate with 1m³ helium/hydrogen to lift 1kg!!"
hjae4c,Reverse Tech Tree,The standard tech tree formula that appears in most games can be stale.  \n  \nMy idea was to flip this on its head and have the players character grow weaker as progression is made.  \n  \nThe setting could take place in either a resident evil style/alien attack style.   \nYou play as a badass merc with a plethora of abilities in their tech tree. But shortly after starting the game you are bitten by the zombie/alien.  \nAnd so over time as the virus kicks in level down which causes you to remove things from your tech tree. Like in all other games you level down quicker the more you do.   \n\nThis would mean a few things:  \n\n1. The game would start with more action but would require more stealth as you grow weaker.  \n2. When your forced to lose abilities this means you have to think about your choices more. Do you need to hang onto hacking for longer or quieter footsteps? Do you need to hang onto better crafting or better conversation?  \n3. Med packs/skill books could be randomly found to add an ebb and flow to your tech tree.  \n\nI think this game would work best as an isometric/birds eye rougelike.
hj8ybm,Action Game,I had an interesting game script .\nIf anyone can help me in developing just ping me on my email id rahuladi958@gmail.com\n \n\nVery nice action gameee🚁🚟🚤🛬🛫🚝🚔🚘🛺🏎️🏍️🚗🛴🛹🚥🧭
hj7u5u,An RPG game where you play as the villain.,"I know this has probably been done before but I think I might have an idea on how to make it different.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIn this game, you would start out as a child and progress from there becoming more evil as time goes on. Ther would also be abilities that you can only get at certain life stages and after that, you cannot get them anymore, but you can also only have a limited amount of skills per life stage. These skills would all be viable at every life stage to make it harder to decide what ability to remove.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI am thinking it would either be a turn-based encounter style combat system, but that's just how I personally see it, you don't have to make it that way.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe main gameplay thing that I'm thinking of though is a Lackey system. That means that you can Recruit a certain number of lackeys that increases with each life stage. Each lackey would have a different skill set (as in Hp, Damage, etc) and can be split into up to 3 groups that will do battle beside you, functioning as party members.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAll in all, this is just a suggestion, you may pick to change, remove, or add some things that you would like but if you do make a game based on this, please let me know and give me credit, I would really like to see the end product."
hj7abc,"VR stealth, realistic space 4X, 2D topdown tank, and other stuff.","Hello /r/gameideas \n\nAnytime I come up with some idea that I like I put it in [this drive folder that I share with you](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B0WNWqfttnMwcXRDajdwaUVpOVE?usp=sharing). None are exhaustive documents and more just whatever I feel like writing down.\n\nI am not a game developer and do not have any motivation to see them to fruition in free time. And of course, they are all too ambitious for me anyway :)\n\nThought you might be interested. Would love to hear your thoughts for improvements, why something wouldn't work, or just that my ideas suck. Feel free to add comments and suggestions to the documents."
hj79gc,Need a game idea to refresh basics on game dev,"So, I'm in kinda tired and don't know what to do in life and need some hobby to get my brain running again. So I wanna try building a game, I have experience with unreal engine and very few in unity, I mainly work with 3d. I'd be grateful if someone can give me an idea of a game which fun and exciting to work with and a bit complex so I can get out of my comfort zone.\nThank you."
hj5giy,"2D pixel art magic game with 100% tier based gear, exploration, and crafting","**Premise:** You are a wizard/witch who must find all of the (max tier, think TW3 witcher armor) gear sets of past legendary mages in order to gain immortality. (Note: this is probably just going to stay a dream and any examples I use are just hypothetical things to explain what I mean, its not set in stone.)  \n\n\n**Gameplay:** You create potions/ upgrade gear/ prepare for your journey at your base and then venture deep into  hazardous elemental biomes in order to look for legendary gear sets. Specifically, it would play and look like Wizard of Legend except in an overall adventure/ base context rather than a rouge like. What I mean by tiers is every piece of armor is part of a set which enables a specific playstyle and they all get upgraded as you explore more.   \n\n\n**Objective Specifics:** Each biome would have its respective multiple tier gear sets which go up as you delve deeper into that biome. The tier one set would be pretty easy to get to but you have to go deeper for the tier two set, and even further for tier three, etc. Going further= more difficult and using the same gear set as the biome would be incredibly hard. What this forces you to do is to bounce back and forth between biomes using opposing or at least different gear sets. For example, you acquire the ice set which counters the fire biome and visa versa. Using the fire set for the fire biome or the ice set for the ice biome would be super hard because of either resist or playstyle, but they would counter each other. A storm set might just work ok for both.   \n\n\n**Inventory Idea**: I like the supply system in MGSV TPP so I think it would also be cool to create places in the world where you send supplies to and from your base in the form of supply drops that you unload at the base and prepare to send to yourself in the field. I really hate a ton of useless loot in games so they'd all be useful crafting materials that you'd send back periodically and restock on what you need.   \n\n\n**Gear sets:** I think each set should be scattared into pieces in each layer of a biome. Each  piece would come with one spell and a full set would basically turn into a build. A higher tier piece will have the same spell but it will be a better version, kind of like a mini pack a punch. I was also thinking of each piece of  gear having a specific type of spell, like wands having a primary attack, hats having an ult, robes having a defensive ability, boots have a dash type, etc. For a potential example, the tier one fire wand would shoot one fire ball, tier two would shoot a burst of 3, tier 3 would also make them explode, tier four would add a lingering lava pool, etc. I suppose stitching and color changing is in order as well for quality of life.   \n\n\n**Base stuff:** I really like the idea prepping for a large journey into dangerous territory, kinda like minecraft prepping. In this case, I'm thinking of brewing potions to enhance yourself in your journeys, which becomes more and more necessary as you go on. For example, maybe really deep into the biomes are always hazardous (like continuously being under lava) unless you have prepared a steady supply of resistance potions or a rune/ grimoire which continuously shields you or something similar. As a chem major I would appreciate a decently robust alchemy system, but I haven't really worked that out precisely. All I can say is that a minecraft style of one reagent making a base and others adding effects and others adding modifiers sounds really appealing. A garden for these reagents would be nice as well, and minions to auto farm it would be insane. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAside from potions, maybe you could craft runes which alter and enhance what your gear does. An example would be a rune which enhances the explosion effect, or projectile speed, or size, etc. They wouldn't be a new effect they'd just let you focus on certain aspects of your build and powerful runes might act as a second tier to another tier effect. By this I mean that the hypothetical tier two fire wand makes it shoot three fireballs, a low tier rune makes the fireballs bigger, but a high tier rune makes it shoot six fire balls. Its the same effect as the tier two wand but its almost like a tier two rune enhancing the tier two wand's effect.    \n\n\nAnother cool feature could be crafting grimoires which continuously cast spells on you. Low tier ones might only cast one thing but higher tier ones might cast multiple at the same time like a shield, heal over time, minions, damage enhancers, etc. Basically, these are meant to auto apply all the passive buffs (and some cool active stuff).   \n\n\nOverall, I have many ideas for this game and I just wanna hear people's thoughts on it. The main objectives are preparation, no useless drops, a proper magic game, enjoying  progressively more powerful gear sets, and the feeling of going into a progressively more hostile environment. Please tell me your thoughts, ideas, what's good, what's bad, etc."
hj4wp4,I have a game idea that I want to begin working on but worried it’s already been done before,"I’ve released a mobile game a couple years ago and it’s time I want to finally start a new project. I have an idea that sounds like would be fun, but the concept is relatively simple so I’m worried there already might be a million games like it. If anyone knows a similar game, please let me know. Here is the idea:\n\nThe game is called Slingun. It is played with the phone held vertically. The player starts at the bottom and must ascend to the top of the stage (the screen scrolls vertically but not horizontally as the levels will be designed like towers). By holding left and right on the bottom area, the character will simply walk left and right. The character will automatically jump up single-tile steps as there is no jump button. The main way to ascend is through the Slingun gimmick (a portmanteau of “sling” and “gun”). By holding your finger on any part of the screen, the slingun begins to charge. When released, you will launch in that direction (depicted by the gun shooting out a string of small orbs that sling you from the player to wherever the reticle was held). The player can launch a great distance if the gun is fully charged and will bounce off any surfaces, including the sides of the screen. The player rockets quickly but will ascend slowly so they can continually use the slingun while in the air (there is a small cool-down period so the mechanic can’t be exploited). Touching the bottom of the screen will result in death if there is no platform, and some of the harder stages will not have much ground to land on. The game will probably have a space theme to give context to the low gravity."
hj47jm,The hero creates the final villain,"In most games the villain is a character who is already decided from the start. But what if the villain was slowly created by the player over the course of the game? Certain key points, player style and player decisions in the story will influence the final villain character.\n\nLets say the hero only uses fire magic, by the end of the game the villain will be a water monster. Or lets say the hero only uses long range weapons, by the end of the game the villain will be a shield master.  A final villain that changes based on the player choices would encourage replay ability."
hj2jyh,World Scale Combat,"Yeah yeah Generic FPS? Fuck that. I’m sick of games where I play inside a map smaller than my kitchen and get gunned down by a guy sprinting with an M249.\n\nThe ideology for this game is low HUD high realism, on a world wide scale. The idea would be a world in regions (such as east England or the southern United States) With a group of maps per region.\n\nI just am having some troubles how to do matches/battles, but I feel like I have a strong idea of how I want customisation and weapons, but I think the idea of a highly realistic, easy to pick up, highly accessible, large scale shooter"
hj0edw,I played Call of Duty: WW2 and thought the story was kinda lame. Then I began thinking about what if it would look likd with it's heroic theme and shoved Spec Ops: The Line's themes with it.,And with better in-game graphics. And more based around World at War's level of gameplay/soundtrack?
hizqii,A dream I had about a survival water like game,"So this is kind of a mix between day z and stranded deep. So firstly it would be a survival multiplayer game with other players, and I kind of want them to be more friendly to each other instead of something like Rust. Food and water would be necessary, I would say sleep, but I feel like it would be more of an adventure game and sleep would be annoying. You could build boats and ropes to get across some lands, and maybe some buildable home options like stranded deep. There would be boats in some lands that would be obtainable, like ferries, speedboats and sailboats. Really rarely you could get big boats or unique boats, like in my dream where I was standing on a ledge outside of city walls where everything was water, I saw a mini titanic sailing across, but I was thinking that could be more of an Easter egg idk. Anyways most of the land is just water and you would have to sail quite far to get to other locations. Meanwhile there would be sharks (reefs, hammerheads, makos, great whites, and even megalodons) and fish, Some would be friendly and some not. In my dream I had an encounter with a megalodon. I thought it was going to be friendly and just swim away, but it jumped up and was trying to kill me, then went back down into the water and did it a few more times. It stopped after my friend in the dream gave it something to eat, and just swam away. The places that weren’t water were either islands or old cities. So I was thinking after a while in the server, the cities start to break down and get flooded, so it would be hard to live there as sharks and other things would be all in it because it would be flooded. You could find good food, water, backpacks or something and maybe even armor? Boats and stuff would also be around the cities too so you could get yourself around the map easier.\n\nThat you if you read the whole thing!"
hiygw0,"""Realistic"" fps game","You know how you as a player can take like 3bullets to a heart in games?  That should not be so what about a game with realistic damage, OH you got shit in the leg?  I guess it must be really hard to walk now.  If you got shot in the brain or heart ur 99.9% dead"
hiy9ra,A hearts of iron 4 inspired game but in multiplayer,"Basically , servers will be set up and players will join and will be able to choose a country and play as it devellop cities , change ideologies , build mines , factories have a chat system to like have diplomatic talks , a way to auto capture enemy territory and set up road networks (in the style of cities skyline ) Build new cities , have wars , make airports , tanks , infantry , anti aircraft navy etc... , make alliances , trade ressources with other players annex invade , even make a space programme , build your economy change your military tactics , make sonar bases build artificial lands and more \n\n\nPS : A person actually made the idea on Roblox its called Rise of Nations"
hirtxv,XCOM2 style turn based strategy game with roguelike loot and gameplay tweaks,"Big fan of XCOM2 but I have a few things I'd love to see changed.\n\n1)Melee should be a big part of the game. Here's how you make it fun: Psychic research should unlock the ability to see certain alien movements, similar to the same mechanic in the game ""into the breach"". This adds a puzzle element that makes melee interesting in a turn based game.\n\n2)The game would really benefit from more weaponry and artifacts and such that synergize like in binding of Issac so that you can have unique play throughs.\n\n3) Each mission needs to end with a boss battle or ""wild card"" type event"" with some guaranteed tier of loot based on mission difficulty/rng.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI haven't played the modern xcoms so my bad if this stuff is already implemented"
hir38v,Steampunk fantasy,It's basically steampunk mixed with fantasy in the little bit of wild west
hinj50,And expanding world farming game,"Just thought of this but I'm already wrapped up in a couple projects. \n\nSo, you spawn on a small desert world. Sorta similar to the style of how planets are in super Mario galaxy. As you farm the world starts expanding in size and more crops, eventually animals, become available. The crops can be harvested to either improve greenery or build additional materials. Like harvesting a tree, you get the wood, you can build a house but it limits the amount of farmland. Add some kind of landscaping mechanic, like creating lakes or mountains and it would be interesting to see all the world's people make."
hill79,A game that has a mixture of genres of Puzzle/FPS/Lore,"I loved playing Superhot, it felt like I was in control of the game whilst the game still had control on what I had to do to solve the level. The fact that there's only one or two ways you take to solve the level, e.g. throw a bottle to stun a guy with a gun to get the gun.\n\nI also love Portal: 2, the use of the things you've got to solve a puzzle, e.g. direct lasers at a door.\n\nI have a few ideas of my own, one of them being you may have to break the game to complete the level? Maybe in some levels there's an intentional bug that you'll have to exploit to complete the level?\n\nManipulating time, you choose whether time stops/goes faster depending on your needs on the level.\n\nI feel there's a lot to work on here, and I'm really excited to start working on it, I just would like to solidify some more ideas before I spend my time doing it.\n\nSo could I have any support that this game seems good and would be fun to play? Some game mechanic ideas maybe, names for the game? Would all be very appreciated!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThank you"
higwgy,Minimalist RPG game ideas,"Hello, I'm a hobbyist game developer and I'd say I""m rather experienced on the technical side. The catch is I've never actually published a game on steam due to 1 reason:\n\n**I always aim to high and the project doesn't go very well**\n\nThe reason I aim so high is due to the fact I love making RPG mechanics (health, stats, item, critical hits, magic, etc) which can get really complex especially when working with animations/assets. \n\nWhen I don't work on an RPG game I don't have the same motivation so I'm stuck in a loop. \n\n**My question is:** I need game ideas the incorporate RPG elements yet avoid complex visuals like character animations. \n\nI also need it to be expandable/desirable so not something like a text based RPG as that niche doesn't have a huge playerbase compared to other genres.\n\nAny help would be appreciated."
hieong,Why isn’t there a genre of games that are intentionally retro,"I always marveled at the aesthetic of older games. Why aren’t there any games that intentionally use bad graphics and drive home on content? Games like Rad Mobile/Doom, or even titles that look like the early James Bond games.. Wouldn’t you be able to add more content with the reduced pixels? Imagine a world like Skyrims/ESO, wouldn’t we be able to make one of the most massive and inclusive MMORPG if we had reduced pixels and a bigger world ?"
hie1e0,A game where you make a subreddit without speech censorship and see how long you can go without getting banned.,There's only one difficulty level and enforced ironman!
hicf4h,Dystopian Pokemon Game,"Not sure if there's a similar game out there like this that's not Pokémon, But I just imagine a Pokémon game where Team Rocket (or other villain group) actually did take over. Imagine an older generation game like Ruby or Sapphire town so it's an homage to older gen players. \n\nI imagine Team Rocket capturing all wild life pokemon and taking away all owner's pokemon. They've done this for generations and finally the player not knowing anything about pokemon manages to find a lvl 5 pokemon randomly (starter) that was being chased by a Rocket grunt and helps hide it. Soon after, they meet a member of the rebel group. Being a part of that group the player has to fight past all these little groups in each of the towns where their bases are located-which used to be the old gyms. Once they clear out the team, the town becomes repopulated and then side missions become available for some nice prizes or hints to a legendary Pokémon or item etc. They can help other residents find Pokémon and teach them the basics of pokemon etc which will open up battling and allowing the player's exp to increase before moving on. Eventually, a new ""Professor Oak"" appears and has him do some sly research since all previous Pokémon knowledge has been erased. \n\nJust randomly thought of something like this (considering we're getting close to living in a dystopian world lol) and Pokémon has been on my mind. And I want a more adult game with all the side quests and such but still reminiscing on the older games."
h79k16,Steam Dating,"A full dining experience, with a random person from across the world.\n\n1. Two players join a table at random.\n2. Each session lasts 10 minutes\n3. Each player uses voice and text chat to talk\n4. A waiter NPC delivers food and takes orders for authenticity.\n\nAt the end of the ten minutes, if both players agree, they can add each other on steam."
h77ecn,"Third person Shooting game (hard, and DS inspired game)","The game would be all about the protagonist and his crew, idk really know whats the story but I have some ideas how to death work. You see I want a logical game, like, if u die u respawn for a reason not just a mechanic. (Like DS or BB I'm a big fan of those game). Either way, I'm thinking like when u die you'll be save by your crew with a potion or kind of drug that will bring u back to life. The twist is the potion is made of blood, one of your teammates blood, so technically every death means something. If you die enough times, one of your teammates could actually die or hasn't enough blood to move on, so they'll be sacrife for your escape when u die, your teammates doesn't need low blood to die, just a very dangerous area, \nso pretty much ""you'll be punish if your reckless''. And there could be a point where everyone of your teammates is dead and u gotta keep moving on, alone. Maybe when u die alone the protagonist thinks it's all a nightmare, and just keeps moving, just maybe.\nDon't think much about it, it's just myself fantasizing a game that me, myself would have created. It's not perfect, it probably requires alot of funds and other stuff too... but it's just me dreaming big. (But I won't create this, I'm just fantasizing and dreaming big!)"
h1851e,Game Idea,"This is a large game that works on team work.\n\nA war game that revolves around demons and angels fighting a war that 1 side will win. A game will have 60 to 80 (depends on how many players will be playing). Half will be demons and other half will be angels. 4 people will be chosen at random to be High angels and High demons. all are stronger than normal but have separate abilities. All other player will start out as small demons. And will start by picking a class. Starter classes will be named the same. 4 starter classes.\n\nThe point of the game is to kill the others leader (which will be a bot). High angels and high demons will spawn area when enough of the other faction enter the High demon or angels area they will spawn. Otherwise they will help their troops from a far giving them boost to help them battle (They also have 4 classes). Normal angels and demons start out with  basic class (Defence, Support, Damage, and ranged) Each of these have branches that lead to stronger and better classes. But the leveling system will make leveling harder than most games. After figuring out what your class is the battling starts Your goal as a normal demon and angel are to kill the high demons and defeat the leader to win. As high angels and demons your goal is to live when you are being attacked and support your team from afar.\n\nIf you have more questions."
h17ntf,My game idea,So my game idea is about a game that is made\nUp mini games that you can earn some sort of currency from and you can buy things for the mini games eg: mechs cars tanks and other items a bit like gta adversey game mode but instead it’s a full game can some body make a trailer of this game or a short beta or something I think this would be madd and can u you give me credits if u do
h16pm5,HEAVENSIDE - An Adventure RPG,"I actually believe I could make this idea myself in Dreams on PS4, but I need ideas to continue this.\n\n(I'm also deciding on whether to name the game ""Heavenside"" or ""Upperworld"", Heavenside sounds epic but Upperworld would relate more to the game)\n\nHeavenside - You are an angel in the Upperworld, a heaven-ish place where the good people go when they die. A palace in the clouds, with markets and a vast community, and a Ruler of the whole thing as well. You are one of the many inhabitants of the Upperworld, living happily and without care. The required attire is a white robe or gown.\n\nYour character is named Depp (gender-neutral), a child who died mysteriously due to an unknown cause. Some believe it was a demonic force, while others believe it was merely misfortune. Nevertheless, you were a good child and were accepted into the Upperworld.\n\nIn the first chapter of the game, you explore the Upperworld, chatting with citizens and shopping with your Quills (the worldwide currency, even on the main planet, Terra, and the Deep, which we will discuss later). After you buy a necklace/amulet from ""Wise Man Otto"", who is one of your long time friends, a bell tolls, and you are recommended to head to the palace plaza. The game will obviously not progress until you go there, but all of the NPC's will rush there too, so you will probably go. Once you arrive, a cutscene will start, with the Leader Almighty (unnamed) about to perform a public execution.\n\nHe exclaims that this is not a drill and that there is indeed a Demon in the guillotine. He continues his speech on how the Deep is no longer extinct. (The Upperworld had a great war with the Deep, dubbed ""The Endwar"", and won, seemingly vanquishing all of the Demons from existence.) The Deep had returned, and panicked whispers are heard. Almighty pleads for the folk to calm down, and to look away, for the sight they would've seen would be gruesome. Before the blade chops off the Demon's head, he screams with a terrifying bellow of rage, ""ALL HAIL ACHERON""\n\nChapter 2-\n\nA war hasn't started yet, but it will. A select few are chosen to do surveillance on Terra and try to find where the Demons are coming from. You are one of the Chosen.\n\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\n\nThat's all I have of the story so far, but basically you're a spy looking to find the Deep. Once you do, a war will occur, and that's the halfway point of the game. Afterwards, you will most likely have attained powerful items and will risk your life to save the Planet of Terra and the Upperworld from the newly made and ultra-powerful Deep, and its leader, the terrible Acheron.\n\n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\n\nSound good? I'm open to any suggestions and/or criticism, but I would love ideas for characters, plot, armors, weapons, spells, quests, etc. If you have PS4 we could collaborate.\n\n(NOTE: I do not have Dreams yet, it's 30 whole bucks, so in a couple of weeks I will most likely have it. Thanks!)\n\n(ALSO BIG NOTE: I haven't ever done something like this before, so I will make ideas on my own, but this is just a concept and I think with help it could be amazing)"
h16nz2,War management game with upgrades,"The game I'm imagining is sorta like HOI4, except it basically only takes the upgrade/research aspect of it and how time goes and unlocks more options, while you could still research it.\n\nI'm imagining a game, where in some world a world war has begun, somewhere in 1930 or such. This game isn't like you have some time to prepare, the war has already begun when you start, but some basic equipment and such have been already researched and made.\n\nYou'll take role of a person, who outfits the soldiers and outfits them with equipment. You'll make your first set by combining pieces of clothing, few weapons and misc stuff. At the start, your at the same level as other nations, but you'd have to be vigilant, because their soldier outfits update too.\n\nNow, it isn't like where you just combine an outfit, some weapons of your choice and some smaller stuff, but you design EVERYTHING. That I mean, you choose the boots, pants, shirt, jacket (optional), a hat (optional) and a helmet (optional). Of course as I wrote, you design which weapon set you'll make, which are rifles, pistols, sub-machine guns, machine guns, grenades and more. But you can't just equip all, there's a limit. You'll also give the soldiers stuff you wouldn't really think of, like a mess kit, radio, shovel, bedroll etc. You don't have to include those and you could just do the minimum, but keep in mind:\n\nAn insufficiently outfitted soldier can't do much on the battlefield, which could lead to an overtake of your nation, therefore a game over. But even when you outfit them with correct guns and clothes, there's also the misc stuff and without those, a soldier may get tired, nervous, overwhelmed or even may start to fight the nation itself, thus a game over again. So to prevent a game over, you'll need to give the correct clothes and weapons, give them things that help them survive and give them things that ensure a successful war.\n\nNow, you won't have a complete library of available equipment, so you have to research the ideas and blueprints, then design that piece of equipment at any time. By design, you decide whether to make it out of iron, steel or aluminium, how thick will it be if it needs and will it be simple or complex. This applies to maybe guns, grenades, helmets, mess kits and such. If it's clothing, you'll decide if it's made out of wool, cotton, nylon or something else.\n\nHowever, you'll have to keep in mind the budget. You can sell something with the full works, but it'll be expensive probably and make the military buy it from someone else, thus making you lose money and there, another game over.\n\nWith kits, you decide also what will be included, like in mess kits: will it have a cup, a plate, a bowl, a pot, an utensil or a fire stand."
h15ry9,AI enemy.,I'm thinking this would be something you could chose to fight(Not be needed to beat the game) and there would be 2 versions: 1 an ai that learns from all players. 2 an ai that only learns from you and therefore makes you try different strategys.
h15fm1,Moba/online maze games,"3rd person view with limited control over camera movement to prevent peeking over top of the mazes.\n\nSetting is different mazes depending on match type\n\nArt style is slightly cartoony. Kind of in between real and cartoon.\n\nCharacters will be a mixture of humanoid animals and humans with different roles and different abilities.\n\nGame modes:\n\nCapture the flag, 8v8. Two identical, but inverted mazes, connected by an entrance to eachother.  Flags are tall enough to give players a visual of what general direction the flag is in.  Team bases are an open space in center of both bases. The bases include the flag, and where to capture the enemy flag. In order to cap the flag, enemy team must not have your flag.  If you die, you respawn in your base after respawn timer has finished (length of respawn timer indetermined at the moment).  First to cap 3 wins.\n\nDomination, 8v8. A fairly large maze, 2 equal starting points for both teams. 3 bases, 1 in center. Each of the others will be ""fairly"" close to team bases.  Holding a base earns points. First team to X amount of points wins.\n\nBattle royale/free for all. Large maze with 25 players (subject to change). Spawn location indetermined atm.  Last to survive wins.\n\nRace in a large maze. Amount of players are indetermined at the moment  Everyone starts in center and races to escape.  If you die, you start back at beginning.  Will have pickupable items to use. Such as traps that may immobilize or disorient enemies. Some may be perks such as health boost, temporary speed boosts, temporary invincibility boosts, or trap detectors.  Once or twice throughout the match, the map will randomly disorient all players at the same time for some (as of yet) unknown cause.\n\nEventually make more game modes in the future. Possibly asymmetrical for example.\n\nThoughts? Sound interesting? Horrible?\n\nEdit: lanes in maze will be fairly wide for combat.  Not too awfully tight like you would find in a normal maze."
h14xqx,Fantastic Zoo Evolution,"Basically a game similar to ""Planet Zoo"" and ""Jurassic World Evolution"" where you build habitats for creatures BUT instead of a zoo it'd be a sanctuary for Mythical Creatures. \nI feel like the best way to implement this could be basing it in the world of wizards from ""Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them""."
h14cp2,Spirit of Resistance (platformer),"This game will be a multi life platformer about guiding a mob of revolutionaries to plant a flag at the end of a level. The player controls one revolutionary at a time, but if that revolutionary dies or is abandoned by the player, the game resets so the player can start a new run as a different revolutionary. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nTime is also rolled back on player reset and the player gets to run the level side by side with their previous incarnation. The previous incarnation still effects the game world by taking bullets, killing guards, throwing switches, and deactivating traps. Many of the challenges in the game will require a revolutionary to be killed in order to overcome. For example enemy guards will have guns and can kill a charging revolutionary, but the next incarnation can use the guard's reload time to close the distance and dispatch them.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe player's current incarnation will be represented by them carrying a flag. Upon arriving at the end of the level the player will knock over the enemy's flag and plant their own in its place. The game will allow the player to watch a replay of the action and score the player's run based on time, guards killed, deaths, and intermediary goals.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWith the player's human avatar dying or getting abandoned all the time, the real avatar will be the flag and the disembodied concept of ""resistance"" it represents. While the game could take place in any era I feel it would be best to give French revolution vibes. Specifically this painting:\n\n[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberty\_Leading\_the\_People](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberty_Leading_the_People)"
h10tik,DMC- shooter,"Hi I have an idea for a game I wanna make where you control a mecha with a gun. You can dodge in any direction and jump (Think of the movement like devil may cry has but only with the gun) so I was thinking how this could be made fun and interesting. \n\nIf enemies are locked-on and have unique bullet patterns like in shoot em ups and you have to weave or jump around bullets to a position where your mecha can fire and you can't move while shooting could be kinda challenging and fun? To make the combat more dmc-like directional moves for special shots like maybe, forward + shot = lunge shot and so on so that players can do flashy things while being tactical. \n\nWith this said I would love any ideas on how to streamline this idea or if it's dumb :)"
h10d7u,I have an idea for a horror game I’m making but I need phobias that would be good in a horror game.,"It’s called:”THE HORROR EXPERIENCE”\n\nYou are in a carnival going through different phobias and trying to do challenges to earn points and spend to points to get power ups and then using your power ups to get more points and buy more power ups etc... etc...\n\nI only have 5 phobias at the moment, so only 5 levels with 2-3 challenges each.\n\n(1)Arachnophobia-Fear Of Spiders:You’re stick in a cave and you either (A) must escape, (B) kill the mama spider, or (C)there’s no C for this one yet. All while a bunch of little spiders hunt you down, and if you kill one spider, mama spider comes after you(and mama spider is horrifying, god I hate testing that level.\n\n(2)Achluophobia-Fear Of The Dark:All you have is a flashlight, you must get out of the house before it gets you, there are multiple ways to win. You can either (A)Escaoe the house by collecting keys and escaping, (B) survive the night, takes about 30 minutes to survive the night. You also can’t let your flashlight die out, if it does, automatic game over.\n\n(3)Aquaphobia-Fear Of Water:your stuck under water and you have a breath meter, if it runs out you die, you know that really suspenseful sonic drowning music, if you’re close it’s downing that music will player but a lot more dark and a bit less retroey. Must try to survive until a team comes and escorts you out, and for even more fear, you’re a small child.\n\n(4)Claustrophobia-Fear of closed or confined spaces. Your in a little small formation of rooms and you must escape before the rooks shrink to be too small and you isn’t be able to fit.\n\n(5)Autophobia-Fear if being alone:you simply just wander around a house, your alone there’s no monster, you only think there’s a monster. You’re alone, we just tell you to escape but there’s no real threat."
h0zav2,A Godzilla PS4 sequel pitch,"So I was sitting about, and I came up with a Godzilla game that I would like to see. Pretty self explanatory, so I want to cut to the chase and not waste anyone's time.\n\nPlot: \n\nThere will be three kinds of plots. One for a traditional story mode, one for a ""free roam"" (i'll go into detail later, it's not at all what you think), and one for the standard arcade/tournament Vs. mode.\n\nStory mode plot: A plot that's a based of the movie Godzilla: Final Wars, where after Godzilla is frozen, there is seemingly a period of peace until aliens arrive on Earth and pretend like they want to unify their planet with Earth's for the human's benefit, which they attempt to prove by enslaving and capturing the other kaijus. In reality, their scheme is to wipe out humanity as silently as they can so that they can propagate more without a dominant species on the planet. A group of humans catch on and realize the best course of action is to sick the now frozen Godzilla on them since they essentially have an army of kaijus. They have access to the mechs, but there is a likely chance the amount of kaijus they have- powerful ones at that can overwhelm the mechs. Once they go into the southern hemisphere, they manage to break Godzilla out of his icy prison and simply watch the carnage from afar while the human rebels deal with the aliens.\n\n""Free Roam"": This is less of a 'sandbox free roam' mode and more like a somewhat expanded version of the Tournament mode. You have the option to either go through the story mode as a kaiju of your choice (think the Warriors game where you can pick a character that doesn't appear in the chapter), or you can destroy an entire city arena without any monsters to come and bother you. The plot for the Free Story mode will be that depending on who you pick, they resist the alien's mind control, Earth's last line of defense, or simply rebel against the aliens.\n\nTournament VS. Mode: There isn't much of one- It's pretty much your average fighting game arcade mode. You pick a character, and you go through at least 10 opponents. The 10th and final foe is guaranteed to be a specified foe depending on who you play as.\n\n\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nGameplay:\n\nGiven this is a sequel/successor to Godzilla Vs. for PS4, it will control similar with key differences. \n\nThe turning is a bit faster, and there's a dedicated run/sprint button, as well as a visible health bar. \n\nThere are three ""kaiju types"". There are the Power Types, the Speed/Fly types (speed types are just fly types that are grounded), and the Mecha types which have borderline super armor but can lose a bit more health quicker than any other type.\n\nThat's about it in terms of gameplay and how it'll control.\n\n\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nCharacters:\n\nThe thing I bet a lot of you are willing to see. The roster will also be similar to Godzilla Vs., except few characters are removed while additional ones are added.\n\n \n\n* Godzilla (1954) (Power Type) \[Replaces '64 Godzilla\]\n* Godzilla (Heisei) (Power Type) \n* Burning Godzilla (Power Type)\n* Monsterverse Godzilla (2019) (Power Type) \[Replaces 2014 Godzilla)\n* Anguirus (1955) (Power Type) (Replaces the Showa Era version)\n* Battra Adult (Fly Type)\n* Battra Larva (Speed Type)\n* Biollante (Power Type)\n* Destoroyah (Power Type)\n* Gigan (Speed Type) (Option to change between Showa version and Final Wars version. Entirely cosmetic)\n* Hedorah (Showa) \n* King Ghidorah (Showa) (Power Type) (Replaces Heisei Era Ghidorah)\n* Kiryu (Mecha Type)\n* Mecha King Ghidorah (Mecha Type)\n* MechaGodzilla (Showa) (Mecha Type)\n* Mothra Adult (Fly Type)\n* Mothra Larva (Speed Type)\n* Rodan (Showa) (Fly type)\n* SpaceGodzilla (Power Type)\n* MechaGodzilla Heisei (Mecha/Power Type hybrid Type)\n\nAdditional characters:\n\n* King Ghidorah (2019) (Power Type) (Unlocked by playing through Free Roam mode as Ghidorah on any difficulty above Medium)\n* Mothra (2019) (Fly Type) (Unlocked by playing through Free Roam mode as Mothra on any difficulty above Medium)\n* Rodan (2019) (Fly Type) (Unlocked by playing through Free Roam mode as Rodan on any difficulty above Medium)\n* King Kong (Power Type) (Unlocked by playing as 1954 Godzilla for the first time)\n* Monster X (Speed Type) (Unlocked by playing through Free Roam mode as Gigan on any difficulty above Medium)\n* Keizer Ghidorah (Power Type) (Unlocks alongside Monster X)\n* Shin Godzilla (Power Type, Unlocked by completing Story mode on hardest difficulty as any Godzilla)\n* Godzilla Earth (Power Type, Unlocked by getting 100%)\n* Gamera (Power Type, unlocked by going through Tournament mode as 1954 Godzilla)\n* M.U.T.O. (2019) (Power Type, unlocked by playing as Monsterverse Godzilla for the first time)\n* King Shisa/Caesar (Speed Type, replaces Jet Jaguar \[yeah yeah, I know I'm a heathen\], unlocked by playing through Tournament Mode as 1954 Godzilla and dying to any Mechagodzilla)\n\n\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nApologies for the huge roster, I feel like a Godzilla's game quality shouldn't be identified by how much fanservice/kaijus there are. I originally wanted to give myself a limit of 5 new kaijus, and I did write this with the intent of replacing a few kaijus just to make the roster seem less bloated. But if I were to add more than I bargained, which I did, I wanted the conditions to unlock some of the kaijus to be something you have to try on rather than mindless destruction.\n\nBut that's about all I wanted to pitch."
h0xug3,Just make a good Pirate game for gods sake!,"Imagine a game similar to black flag without microtransactions and being confined to one ship.  Captain a ship anywhere from a sloop to a first rate man-o-war.  Get hired by empires, get burned by empires, have good karma or bad karma.  Create your legend, your custom character in your custom ship.  Team up with other pirates at Tortuga to take down treasure fleets.  Set up lucrative smuggling businesses, liberate slave ships.  Employ your own crew from your first mate to the cook, effecting crew morale. Be you a simple smuggler, privateer, or a brutal widow maker who leaves one crewman alive, the sea is yours, take it.\n\nI find it funny that with the overwhelming success that blackflag that other developers didnt monopolize on the theme.  Sure theres naval action, where you have to sacrifice your first born to get harassed by the turds who play 14 hrs a day, but there truly is no other pirate/age of sail games out there much less any good ones.  The only game we had to look forward to was Skull and Bones which was effectively shit canned unfortunately."
h0vfyo,A New Direction For SAINTS ROW.,"Saints Row has always been about playing a ridiculous character in a ridiculous world, and I'm sure a lot of people find that entertaining but I also think when everything is ridiculous it doesn't generate a whole lot of investment in what you're doing besides dumb fun. Saints Row 4 basically made you a god. Unless they decide to take you out to space or something, there's literally nothing for them to explore without running the risk of repeating themselves and becoming creatively redundant.\n\nSo, I think some fundamentals need to be changed. Games like GTA are becoming increasingly zany whilst keeping many of its more serious elements in play. And the more that that happens, the less unique SR becomes.\n\nSo here's what they should do. The experience of SR should mirror GTA, but where it's different is that GTA is *Goodfellas* or *Scarface,* and Saints Row is *ONE PUNCH MAN.*\n\nThe world has problems, and its people don't have any solutions or are too inept or too politically correct to handle the situation. Enter, you. You are a ridiculous character who at every point of the campaign is entering into realistic, serious situations with batshit solutions that end up succeeding. The thing is, your solutions *shouldn't* have succeeded, but they just do, because you either have incredible luck or some magic is involved. You're basically a ridiculous version of Ethan Hunt. Either way, the characters in the world absolutely cannot fathom how you are succeeding. It's reaction comedy at its finest.\n\nAn example.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSome terrorists have hijacked a plane full of people. They intend to crash it into a building causing even more deaths. The president has to make the tough choice to destroy it because negotiations have broken down. A person representing you steps in and tells the POTUS that they have just the man for the job.\n\nCUT TO:\n\nYou diving out of a plane (ala Uncharted 3). You intercept the Hijacked plane in midair. You open the door which creates a vacuum, and a whole bunch of terrorists get sucked out. You kill some that are remaining. But in process the pilots are killed and you have to land the plane yourself. Against all odds, you succeed, but unfortunately, word got around about how the operation was carried out, how the pilots died, and because of the public backlash of your reckless methods, you're out of a job and you have to start from scratch.\n\nA few months pass. The world has moved on, forgotten about you. You have spent every moment of that time at home with your girlfriend, the only bread winner. You don't know what to do with yourself anymore, until you find out she's cheating on you. You follow her, see her with her lover and you get angry. They run away from you and you go after them. Stealing cars -- in some cases jumping from car to car -- all to chase them down. And when you do. You beat the shit out of him and realize that you are a mess and need to be on a better path. \n\nAnd this is just the tutorial.\n\nAs you go along, you make friends and gain riches and reputation. You're still doing a lot of the very, very *ridiculous* things that you do in SR games, but the activities are more grounded, more relatable, and less frivolous than before. The ridiculousness, coupled with the world's reaction to you, is where the brunt of the comedy will come from, but the characters in the world also have their own weight."
h0ui5v,"A pure survival horror game with limited ammo and a tense, dangerous, slowed down twist on the Dark Souls combat.","GAMEPLAY CONCEPT\n\nI always felt a much slower twist on the Soulsborne combat formula could work extremely well in a true survival horror context. Sure, Bloodborne was a horror game, but it was mostly an action game overall.\n\nMy idea would be a 3rd person, surreal horror game set in modern times, with a heavy dark narrative, hideous/creative enemies, guns with tight ammo, and slowed down, realistic, punishing melee combat. \n\nThe game will be pretty linear, pushing the story forward on a rather direct path, but will also have a few areas where the game momentarily opens up into a small open world. \n\nThere will be two, tiny open worlds. One will appear in the first half and the other in the second. \n\nThese small open world sections will have enemies throughout, along with an occasional npc or two. There will be secret weapons, supplies, secret areas, a few side quests, and other things.\n\nMost activities in the open worlds are completely optional. \n\nThe story will lead you to certain larger buildings, where you will be opening locked doors, solving puzzles, and creating shortcuts in order to progress, keeping the formula of both Soulsborn and old school survival horror games.\n\nAny Souls fan knows how perfect it feels to control the character's left and right arms with your left and right hands. It just feels so hands on and right. I believe having a slower more realistic take on the Souls combat style could fit perfectly within a survival horror situation. I want the melee combat against the deformed beasts to feel visceral and heavy. I should be able to feel every swing. It would work amazingly for adding to the immersion.\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------ENEMIES\n\n- Enemies wont respawn like in Souls games. Once enemies are dead, they are gone, unless you die before saving.\n\n- But, once an area has been cleared and the player has saved, sometimes an enemy or two will spawn again at random. \n\n- Enemies will slowly respawn in the open world sections. \n\n- There will be many unique/creative monster types. Nothing obvious or cliche. A few types might be slightly humanoid and holding a knife or axe.\n\n- There will be a few bosses throughout the game. \n\n- Enemies will have an animation shift when nearly dead. They will begin to look defeated and slow.\n\n- All enemies can be killed via melee or gunfire. Gunfire is much safer and more effective than melee. Enemies will pose a serious threat to a player without a gun. Certain enemies will drain your HP within seconds, if handled incorrectly. Melee takes skill and is very unforgiving.\n\n- Enemies will not be flooded all over the game. Story, atmosphere and exploration are the main focus, not combat. Im thinking kind of like the spacing of enemies in Silent Hill 2. Not overly action packed, but enough enemies to have to be dealt with at times.\n \n- If fighting melee, most enemies have to be learned and taken very seriously like in Dark Souls. There will be many easier enemies throughout the game, but several will be quite a challenge and take a decent amount of skill.\n\n- Certain unique, much more dangerous, enemies, will roam around the game at random points. They are extremely tough to take on with melee, but can be killed much easier with a gun.\n\n- In most cases, enemies will move at a speed which allows the player's slower movement not to be out matched. There will be a few quicker enemy types scattered throughout the game, but they again, are much easier to take out with a gun.\n\n- Basically, melee can either be mastered or mostly avoided. It's pretty much there as a scary last resort, or for people who want the challenge. Using a gun more than evens the playing field for most players who just want to enjoy the story and atmosphere.\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nGUNS\n\n- A handgun will become available pretty soon into the game, giving some early game relief. A shotgun and a rifle will come later. Nothing automatic. Ammo is tight but if you choose your shots well, you should manage to scrape by.\n\n- Using the gun turns the game into a much more accessible experience. Horror isnt about difficulty, yet having extremely lethal enemies lurking around is panic inducing, even with a gun in your hand. This will force players to take every moment slowly, choose every shot wisely, and just overall play more cautiously. All while not making the game overly difficult. \n\n\nWEAPON DURABILITY \n\n- Many melee weapons will break. Their durability will effect their overall power. Certain weapons will break easier on different enemy types. But, something as weak as a knife can also take a long time to break if used on soft enemies.\n\n- Many unbreakable weapons will be slightly hidden throughout the game. Basically, weapons you wouldnt expect to break, dont break. Early versions of these are easy to find and makes it so the player always has something that can get them through combat. \n\n- Many breakable melee weapons may work better against certain enemies, but any unbreakable weapon can get the job done in any situation.\n\n- Breakable weapons allow for varied combat, experimentation, optional extra challenge, and fun, without being a nuisance.\n\n- The melee weapon list wouldnt be extremely long. Maybe just 10 common, real world weapons/tools/objects, with a few variants.\n\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nSAVING \n\n- The game should work on a save point system. Frequent checkpoints destroy tension. \n\n- Automatic checkpoints will only show up right before a point of no return, such as a cutscene or bossfight. Just so nobody gets screwed. \n\nCAMERA\n\n- The camera should, for the most part, closely follow the player.\n\n- Players will be able to adjust the camera with the right analog stick.\n\n- There will be occasional moments of classic fixed camera angles. (Aiming while in fixed angles will use auto aim).\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nMAP\n\n- Using the map does not pause the game.\n\n- The player will find a map for each area they are in.\n\n- The map will get marked with stuff like locked doors, puzzle locations, etc.\n\n- Custom notes can be written onto the map.\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nINVENTORY\n\n- Opening the inventory puts the world into a slight slow motion. This will add to the player never feeling fully at ease, while still cutting them a little slack.\n\n- Inventory shows player status, weapons, notes, items, etc. There is no limit to inventory but you can only carry one of each weapon. Inventory management shouldn't have to be a pain.\n\n- There are two equipable quick access weapon slots. These weapons are switched between in game by a button press. \n\n- Incase players are using breakable weapons, each weapon slot has a backup slot where a 2nd weapon can be selected. \n\n- Players cannot access these weapons in game until their primary weapon breaks. \n\n- Once the first weapon breaks, it takes about two seconds to pull the second weapon out. \n\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nDAMAGE\n\n- Enemies inflict brutal damage on the player. The player's arms, legs, head, and torso each individually take damage when struck. Damage to the legs or arms, cause them to be less effective. Damaged arms make melee, blocking and aiming less effective. Injured legs make the player move slower, limp, and have more of a chance of stumbling/falling. \n\n- The player has both HP for individual parts (arms, legs, torso, head) and overall player HP.  The overall HP is based off the condition of all body parts.\n\n- Damage is shown realistically on the player's body as well as on enemies. Player and enemy attacks leave bloody marks where they strike. \n\n- Blood will accumulate on the player's body based on directly getting hit and also a percentage system. \n\n- Each body part will have a different amount of bleeding based on its current amount of HP. Each limb will show damage when struck but wounds will barely bleed at higher HP. Once HP gets lower, blood will begin to bleed more and more from the wounds until healed.\n\nEDIT: This might be crazy but, what if once the head reaches a low enough HP, the joysticks could switch every once in awhile. Meaning right stick becomes left, left becomes right. It could do it for only a few seconds at a time. Idk. Might be cool. Maybe too much. Just makes head injuries extremely serious and forces players to attend to them quickly.\n\n\nGUAGING PLAYER HEALTH\n\n- Exact health can be viewed on the inventory screen.\n\n- In game, health can be guaged by looking at the player's condition. Hurt arms and legs will be held differently and blood will be running from their wounds.  \n\n- At 50% overall health a light pulse will be heard.\n\n- 25% brings a redness around the edges of the screen and a louder pulse.\n\n- 10% - 0% Gradually drains screen of color until its  black and white. The pulse sound will get louder and slow down. Music and certain sound effects will get slightly drowned out.\n\n\nHEALING\n\n- Healing is done in real time.\n\n- The game will have two healing options; a drink and a Medikit.\n\n- You find health scattered around the game.\n\n- Healing removes visible blood from the character.\n\nHEALTH DRINKS\n\n- Drinks heal less than medikits.\n\n- Drinks give a slight overall boost in HP to all body parts.\n\n- Drinking only takes three seconds and the player can quickly walk while doing it.\n\nMEDIKITS\n\n- When choosing a Medikit, the player has a prompt to be able to choose a specific body part to heal.\n\n- Once the body part is chosen, the Medikit heals it 100%.\n\n- Medikits also slightly heal every body part a moderate amount when used. \n\n-  Using a Medikit has animations of sometimes kneeling (depending on body part being healed), pouring peroxide, using medical wrap and cutting with scissors.\n\n- Medikits take 10 seconds to apply, but can be briefly interrupted (quick moving, combat), three times before progress is lost.\n\n- If healing is not completed, bandages will eventually begin to fall off and progress will be lost. The Medikit will return to your inventory.\n\n- Sucessfully applied bandages will remain on the character for about two minutes before they either fall off, or the character is animated pulling them off.\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nHUD\n\n- There will be a very minimal HUD, if any at all.\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nSTAMINA\n\n- The player doesnt have unlimited stamina. Stamina works like Souls. Goes down when you run/swing/block/etc. Goes right back up when you stop. Completely drain your stamina and you are slow, weak and ineffective. If stamina is completely drained, it will take two seconds of inactivity before starting to refill.  \n\n- There is no on screen guage to keep an eye on, instead the player will begin to breath heavier and heavier as their stamina drains. \n\n\nCONTROLS\n\n- The basic controls are very much based around the Dark Souls control scheme, so this will definitely make most sense to Souls fans. The way Fromsoftware set the buttons up, really makes you feel connected to the gameplay, which is very important when creating immersion.\n\nMost of this layout isnt too crazy, but the gun control scheme might need a bit of tweeking in certain parts. I really like it, but it might be horrible. Lol.\n\nHere's a set up that I think could work pretty well.\n\nI picture the player movement being close to the speed of Red Dead 2. Everything has weight and isnt super gamey. \n\n\nSet for a PS4\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nANALOG STICKS\n\nLEFT STICK - MOVE CHARACTER\n\n- Moves character around. Speed is based on push strength. Speed ranges from a slow walk to a light jog.\n\nL3 - FLASHLIGHT ON/OFF\n\n\nRIGHT STICK - CAMERA/AIM/ LOCK ON SWITCH\n\n- Adjusts the camera and aims gun.\n- While locked on, the player can switch between enemies.\n\nR3 - CROUCH\n\n- Click to crouch/stand.\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\n/\ (Triangle) - TWO HAND/ONE HAND WEAPON\n\n- Switches between holding a melee weapon or gun with one or two hands. \n\n- Melee weapons are more powerful when swung with two hands.\n\n- Guns, (especially shotguns and rifles), are more accurate with two hands.\n\n□ - KICK/STOMP ENEMY\n\n- Stomps and kills enemies on the floor.\n\n- Kicks away enemies. Kicks dont do any damage on most enemies. They are only used for creating space. It slightly stuns or stumbles enemies for about a second. Just enough time to land a hit, shot, or run.\n\n- Kicking an enemy can be countered if done at the wrong time. \n\n- Some enemies cannot be staggered by kicks.\n\n- Kicks are most effective against shorter enemies.\n\n\n○ - DODGE/RUN\n\n- If tapped the player clumsily dodges away from the enemy.\n\n- If held, the player runs quickly until all stamina is gone.\n\n\nX - INTERACT/VAULT\n\n- Interacts with different prompts around the game.\n\n- Climbs up some small ledges.\n\n\nTOUCHPAD\n\n- Open/close inventory menu.\n\n\nSTART BUTTON\n\n- Pause game. \n\n----------------------------------------------------------------\n\nD PAD\n\n\n (UP) - MAP\n\n- Pulls out a map. Doesnt pause the game.\n\n(LEFT) - HEAL\n\n- Hold and choose a Health Drink or Medikit.\n\n- While holding left, a prompt to pick between your two health options appears (tap L1 for Drink, Hold R1 for Medikit).\n\n- Holding R1 for the Medikit brings up a way to pick a  specific body part to heal. \n\n\n(RIGHT) - SWITCH WEAPON\n\n- Quickly switched between your two equipped weapons.\n\n(DOWN) - NOTE\n\n- Player can equip a note for quick access.\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nMELEE COMBAT CONTROLS\n\n- As said before, melee is learnable but extremely dangerous (like real life) and will mainly be used as a last resort if you're low on ammo, or by players really who enjoy the challenge. \n\n------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nMELEE COMBAT - NO WEAPON\n\nNOTE: Fighting without a weapon inflicts next to no damage on most enemies, like in Souls.\n\nL1 - GUARD/LOCK ON\n\n- Holding locks on to enemy\n\n- Holding L1 puts the left arm up in a ready position, guarding the player's body and face. The left arm takes reduced damage while blocking. It can sometimes successfully swat away incoming attacks.\n\n\nL2 - PUSH\n\n- Left arm pushes enemy back. Push strength is based on how quickly you pull the trigger.\n\n- Pushes, when landed, will momentarily stagger enemies, but only for a brief time, (like kicks).\n\n- Pushes work best on medium to tall enemies.\n\n- Some enemies are unstaggerable. \n\n- Pushes can occasionally be countered by enemies, (like kicks).\n\n* Same applies to any push mentioned below.\n\nR1 - LIGHT PUNCH\n\n-  Light right arm punch.\n\nR2 - HEAVY PUNCH\n\n- Heavy right arm punch. Power based on how fast the trigger is pulled. \n\n--------------------------------------------------------------------------\nMELEE - WEAPON - ONE HANDED\n\nL1 - GUARD/LOCK ON\n\n- Lock on to enemy and block with left hand like before.\n\nL2 - PUSH\n\n- Push with left hand like before.\n\nR1 - LIGHT ATTACK\n\n- Light attack with weapon in right hand.\n\nR2 - HEAVY ATTACK\n\n- Heavy attack with right hand weapon. Power based on trigger pull speed. \n\n-----------------------------------------------------------------\nMELEE - TWO HAND WEAPON\n\nL1 - GUARD/LOCK ON\n\n- Guards and deflects with the weapon in two hands. Some weapons are more effective than others. \n\n-Locks on to enemy.\n\nL2 - PUSH\n\n- Push enemy away with both hands on weapon.\n\nR1 - LIGHT ATTACK\n\n- Light two hand attack.\n\nR2 - HEAVY ATTACK\n\n- Heavy two hand attack based on trigger pull speed. \n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nGUN CONTROLS\n\nThis is where is gets kinda rocky. I like the controls and feel it makes sense. I might be crazy. The switch in controls for one handed aiming, is intentionally awkward but it might go to far. I'm mainly just sticking to the Dark Souls (left/right), control scheme.  Any real world person, without training, would struggle much more firing a gun with one hand. I'm just trying to convey that.\n\nGun is held in right hand. All guns can be fired with one band. Aiming and accuracy is greatly reduced when one handing a gun, especially with shotguns and rifles.\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n GUN CONTROLS - ONE HANDED\n\nL1 - GUARD\n\n- Guard with left hand.\n\nL2 - PUSH\n\n- Push with left hand\n\nR1 - AIM\n\n- Holding R1 aims the weapon. The camera pulls in right behind the players shoulder.\n\n- A small white dot shows up for the reticle. \n\n- The reticle will wobble around more while one handed aiming. \n\nR2 - SHOOT\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nGUN CONTROLS - TWO HAND\n\nL1 - GUARD\n\n- Player uses arms and gun to deflect attacks.\n\nL2 - AIM\n\n- Reticle is pretty steady with a little wobble. \n\nR1 - RELOAD\n\nR2 - SHOOT"
h0sz09,Avatar RPG,"Be warned, there may be spoilers in this if you haven't seen ""Avatar: The Last Airbender""\n\nSo, I was scrolling through Youtube the other day, and noticed someone was creating an ""Avatar: The Last Airbender"" game in Unreal Engine. I thought on this while rewatching the show today, and creating an RPG based off the show would work so well!\n\nIn the show, it's stated that the Avatar has had thousands of previous incarnations. This can used as a reason to have a custom character. The story would have to be fleshed in much more, possibly expanding on lore that was never went into detail on in the show. \n\nThe story would have to done as a mission by mission basis, with a different outcome which each action, creating a different story each time you play. This would also provide a level of NG+ replayability on the level of the Dark Souls games. I'm not sure exactly how you would accomplish the ever changing story, so I would to hear feedback on this aspect! \n\nAnother gameplay mechanics that would work well with this, would be the ability to have masters of their corresponding element teach them. For those who have played Dragon Ball Xenoverse, I believe a mechanic as such would work very well with this. Not an exact rip off of it, but a similar system. \n\nFor the combat, I believe once you're creating your character, you can choose a specific element to specialize in, but as the game progresses, you're allotted more and more chances to widen your skill set. As a way to balance it, you wouldn't be allowed to use the element that would be a contrast of it. As an example, say I created a fire-bender, then I would be work on earth and air bending. After that, only then would I be able to use water bending. \n\nThat's about as far as I got, but feedback is always interesting to see!"
h0mpa8,MOBA style Football game (American Football)," \n\nWould anyone enjoy playing a moba type football game?\n\nI've just been brain storming a bit and wondering what some football game players (Yes, basically Madden), or heck even moba players think.\n\nSo some initial thoughts of mine, it likely couldn't be 11v11 as 22 players in one game is likely to be a disaster. It would have to be 6v6 or 7v7. I know successful mobas are 5v5 but I think 5 isn't quite enough.\n\nSo with 6v6 think flag football like. There'd be QB RB 2WR 2Oline/TE. The defense would be the reciprocal to the offensive position, QB to FS, RB to LB CB TO WR OL TO DL. There could be a possibility of switch up like say player wants to play QB and DL.\n\nNow the only moba I have real experience with is league of legends, and I guess I dabbled with paladins on Xbox a bit, but each position would get a set of skills, let's say 4 like LOL, QWER, with cool down for each skill and such. For example DL could have a spin skill or or swim. RB could have like truck, juke, spin. There could be different subsets at each position like brute strength, speed, quickness, etc.\n\nStats could be turned into a type of currency where there could be upgrades to maybe attributes or eq, or something or another for in game progress.\n\nOverall I'd imagine there'd be an attempt to keep it classic football oriented and schemed with set plays and such with a line of scrimmage, linemen engagement, route running and coverage and stuff. I could see it adapt to different things if the whole D backed into coverage and heck possibly turn into a razzel dazzle/rugby style mix. Overall, however, the basis of the game would revert back to offense/defense moving the ball down field to score and other team trying to stop them in set it downs. There could be time limits on the QB having the ball, yada yada, there's a million details in sure that could be thought of.\n\nNow does this sound like something that could be fun? I think this could give people a cool football game experience controlling players in a team orientation that would take out a lot of the atrocious Madden like RNG experiences. I don't need a lot of harsh criticism because this isnt something I'm in the works of or anything.\n\nIf you think it's a good idea, Thoughtful insight could be welcome! If someone absolutely loves the idea and decides to make this and it turns into a huge success, would you at least reference this post? If there's any programmers that like to dabble in their free time, send me a DM and hey we can see what happens. Otherwise this is basically just a different style (at least I'm unaware of anything similar) of a football game I had fun thinking about."
h0lze2,An Idea For The Ultimate Pirate Open-World Dark Fantasy Action-RPG,[deleted]
h0kmwn,A post-apocalyptic blacksmith game.,[deleted]
h0g3hc,A Transformers Battlefront like game,"I think a Transformer like Battlefront would be extremely fun, where every map you go is just chaos of two sides fighting for their beliefs. \n\nMaps: The maps will be larger to keep with the vehicles when transforming and will fight in Cybertron, An apocalyptic Earth, Earth during the dinosaurs, and maybe some other planets that have been  occupied by either Autobots or Decepticons. \n\nGamemodes: A gamemode of clash between Trypticon and Omega Supreme or Metroplex. Supremacy like Battlefront 2, a Beast wars conflict type mode, and a Combiners Wars mode.\n\nHeros and Villians: The special characters would be famous characters loved by the community from Optimus to Grimlock and from Megatron to Bruticus.\n\nClasses: the classes will be ranged from Medic, Heavy, Assault, and Engineer. Each classes having its own abilities and customization. like in Fall of Cybertron you could make your own transformer, However you like but the abilities will pertain to the classes that the player chooses to play as and customize. \n\nStory mode: The story could be about the how the war started and how Megatron becomes the leader of the Decepticons and Optimus becoming the leader of the Autobots."
h0g2s4,A Transformer Battlefront like game.,[deleted]
h0fwky,Horror Survival Island Game,"Got this idea from a dream (more aptly, nightmare?) I had last night lol.\n\nA group of survivors wakes up on a jungle island and must hide and sneak past monsters on the island (in my dream they looked like Smeagol lol). They have a knife/machete to disband single grunts but nothing more than that. You can split up from the group and lone wolf or stay as a team (pro's and con's to both). But the idea is to find crafting materials to be able to eventually get off the island to safety and along the way craft better weaponry to improve your chances of survival.\n\nI can't think of anything like this but let me know if anything already exists."
h0d85p,"A game set in a Survival TV show where the player must earn ""merit"" to survive","It's basically a Survival game with a Battle Royale kinda twist. \n\nThink ""Naked and Afraid"" TV show (hopefully without the naked part"") set on a remote Island where the player must survive different challenges set by the (possibly maniacal) TV hosts\n\n The player must earn the audience's approval (by eliminating other contestants, discovering secrets on the island, and surviving in general) in order to progress and gain new equipment for survival and exploring the Island"
h08x0r,Racing in an augmented reality,"Hi all,\n\nI'm pretty new to reddit, but I hope this post is appropriate for this subreddit.\n\nI'm looking for a racing game in which you drive physical cars (little ones, like RC cars), but from the comfort of your room. Do any of you know of such a game? I'm searching for something like [Re-Volt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Re-Volt), but in an augmented reality.\n\nIf there isn't any, I would really like to hear if others then me would be also interested to play such a game. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThanks in advance for your reply."
h02q2h,"So I was watching OG Twilight Zone and got an idea best described as Space Australia. (WARNING, THIS POST IS REALLY LONG)","1: PREFACE\n\nSo in about episode 2 or 3 (I think) it's about a guy who committed murder and is trapped in solitary confinement alone on an asteroid. All he has is what he makes and what the supply ship brings him every few months. He builds a car from the ground up using parts the ship captain brings. None of what I say below is set in stone. You can do whatever. This is just stuff that I've rolled around in my brain.\n\n2. General Premise\n\nSo in general it would be a game where you play as this convict surviving on this asteroid or planet. I was thinking about maybe 2 different storylines, one is ""Solo"" which is more representative of the source material and could also have some elements of psychological horror, since long term isolation does really fucked up things to your brain and you'll start to see and hear things that don't exist, but I'll elaborate more on that in the Mechanics section of my idea. The second storyline could be ""Empire"" which still has some mechanics of the original, but the difference is that the supply ship would bring other AI prisoners to the asteroid who are serving sentences for various things and you and these other people would slowly build a town and the concept kinda spreads from there.\n\n3.Mechanics\n\nSo Solo would be like Minecraft in terms of farming, where it's simple and satisfying, but the atmosphere and general vibe would be punishing. This rock owes you nothing and it will beat it into your brain every second that you're unwanted. You start with nothing but a small shelter and general facilities that keep you alive (rations, water collection, etc.) And every so often, the Supply Ship comes. The Supply Ship would be like the Bonfires in Dark Souls. It's the only save point and it restores your sanity. You can buy tools, luxuries to lessen sanity depletion, farming equipment, that kind of thing, as well as sell resources you gather. After the ship leaves and you're alone, certain ambient events will deplete sanity. When sanity reaches zero, your character kills himself and the game starts over at the most recent resupply. I've been thinking about these events, and they could depend on what resources you have. Essentially, every luxury item and resource adds to an RNG counter. Every 30 minutes-ish of gameplay, the RNG counter will pick a number. You can be chilling and all of the sudden the cabin door slams hard as fuck, or you see weird lovecraftian monsters that fade to dust in the distance, or you'll walk outside and all your crops will be on fire but then it suddenly stops, or if you built the car, while you're exploring you could hallucinate that it's trying to run you down, or if you got a TV or a gramophone, it'll play really fucked up stuff. Theres really infinite possibilities on that front. I don't really know what an end goal could be for solo other than ""serve your sentence"".\n\n4. Mechanics 2\n\nEmpire mode isn't necessary but would be more open ended and is less about survival and more about thriving and domination. It would be like Fallout 4s settlements but on a larger scale in the sense of it would eventually evolve into a society that you can control and mold to your will. If you want to be traders and just swap resources with earth, you can do that. If you want to do Mad Max space pirates you can do that too. I'm not talking about like a huge Galaxy to explore. I imagine it more like the ""Send on expedition"" feature in Fallout Shelter, where you send them out and only control them in battles and stuff and the rest happens in the background. I haven't thought about this mode as much so I'm just including it as a general statement.\n\n5. Atmosphere\n\nYou're stuck in an alien landscape and your only link to the outside world is that supply ship. The world oozes loneliness. You can find the remains of older inmates and pillage their valuables as well as maybe set up an outpost. This is a world far older than you and it will long outlive you. It has a history and it will leave you wondering what is a hallucination. Are the creatures you see in your mind, or are you being watched and toyed with by Eldritch beings beyond your comprehension? The story of this world is only open to those who seek it. If you do not wish to explore the depths of the world and just wish to farm and raise cattle and live your life in peace, you can do that.\n\n6. Conclusion\n\nI thank you greatly for reading this far if you did. I've been thinking a lot about this hypothetical project for a few days now and just had to share it. Please, if you like ANY of the ideas I've thought of and want more, I will gladly help idea-wise with anything you are working on."
h02et1,"A survival-horror game, with a Beyond Two Souls type gimmick","You are a (insert career) human, stationed on an observation station above an alien planet\n\nAs usual things go wrong, monsters run lose, shits fucked\n\nYou survive the initial chaos and are attacked by one of the creatures, and by unknown means, you form a psychic bond with the creature\n\nYou can switch controls to the creature to solve puzzles, open doors, and find supplies\n\n*will add more later*"
h015h9,RPG or Roguelike Stamina Mechanic,"In a previous thread I discussed a mechanic whereby your equipment allows stat growth up to a threshold which can be found here.\n\n [https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/guddca/rpg\_core\_mechanic\_concept\_no\_levels\_or\_classes/](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/guddca/rpg_core_mechanic_concept_no_levels_or_classes/) \n\nAnother supporting mechanic I've considered in conjunction with that is a stamina mechanic whereby continually pushing yourself drains all abilities. As you become more tired, you become weaker, you have less health, your spells are less potent, or some abilities simply can't be used. I think this type of mechanic could create different playstyles across a number of different genres. For example:\n\n1. In a PvP based RPG, several weaker players could take out a stronger player by drawing out the fight.\n2. In a dungeon crawler, how to handle trash mobs becomes important as you might want to converse energy for an upcoming boss fight.\n3. In a party based game, you might want to rotate roles or take turns fighting enemies to conserve stamina.\n\nJust a few examples. How I'm picturing this is that simple or more basic abilities drain your stamina far less than your most powerful ability and offer superior economy. You'll need to balance your ability choice with actions you know you can repeat often to deal with the ""trash"" and more powerful abilities that you might need for harder fights or multiple enemies. Think of it like a boxing match; you don't want to go out there throwing haymakers at everything from the first bell, or you'll gas yourself out and be open to counter-attack.\n\nWhile some games attempt to simulate fatigue with things like HP, MP or cooldowns, often these are easily recoverable outside of combat (not so much for cooldowns) and it's almost like that tough fight you just had didn't matter. I want that fight to matter. You won, but you're exhausted. You had to bust out your best moves. It wouldn't be wise to proceed further now as you'd be putting yourself, or everyone else, at risk. But maybe you have to. \n\nI'm interested to hear what people think about this potential mechanic, particularly in conjuction with the ""stat growth"" mechanic in the previous thread. I really like the idea of fighting hard, pushing your limits then finding that you've grown and developed new strength."
h001g5,Mobile Augmented Reality Game - Skiptracer,"I've only seen posts about actual video game ideas, so sorry if this isn't the right subreddit for this type of game.\n\nI'm a private detective and get asked all the time how to find people that are hiding.  After seeing how popular that Pokémon GO game got, it gave me an idea.\n\nIt would take the location based augmented reality aspect, but instead of finding Pokémon, you're locating people/places that provide further information as you hunt down your fugitive.  Like Pokémon GO meets Geocaching meets... imaginary bounty hunter RPG?\n\nI've had a lot of random thoughts/ideas about the specifics of it (including the ""multiplayer"" version the idea started as) but I read that post saying to keep it short and to the point, so that's the broad-strokes of it."
gzzrfb,My Game Idea (Orphan2a),"I had this spark of inspiration when I was watching my favorite movie of all time, The Thing by John Carpenter. I was thinking maybe with some help from you guys I could turn this idea into a game (I don’t know how to build a game) but I can do other stuff like marketing, etc.\n\nThe Game would draw some inspiration from the movie and another game called Dead by daylight. There would be 4 or 5 survivors and one thing in a confined space or outpost where the Survivors have to remove every trace of the thing while the Thing has to assimilate everyone. You would be able to pick premise characters like dright or meg from again dead by daylight. My working title right now is The Thing Subterfuge or The Thing Awakening. Lastly you would have certain items to survive like a Medkit, a flamethrower and some other items and the main progression would be certain skills for the thing and for every survived giving different play styles and you can use in game currency to customize let’s say the clothes of the survivors.\n\nLet me know if you have any question or if you want to talk about it, any help would be greatly appreciated, (first time trying to make a game but want to do it right)"
gzxrp6,Mobile idle game idea,"Similar to “My Oasis: Calming and Relaxing” and “Idle World!” on iOS. Instead the idea will focus on ecological succession of ecosystems. Start with primary succession such can be plains, deserts, glaciers, and etc. You have to tap to make plant life and soil better. And buy specific type of organisms for your ecosystem. Unbalance in food chain will cause you to lose organism. Like most idle game going to the next succession will require a lot of points and you will have to reset/prestige many times to get the correct condition."
gzxmm2,A souls-like kart racer,Idk it just sounds like a funny idea. You can develop on it if u want idc.
gzwd2c,Mobile game idea,So I have an idea for a mobile game. I don’t know anything about making games but someone who knows DM me
gzvnbd,BioEvil (Early Resident Evil/Alone in the Dark Style Game),"So I’ve been thinking about this for some time now. Spiritual Successors in video games are fairly commonplace now: The Messenger is inspired by Ninja Gaiden, Bloodstained is Castlevania, Dark Souls is Demon Souls, The Evil Within is Resident Evil 4 (and the other action oriented RE games), Haunting Grounds is Clock Tower, Mighty No. 9 is Mega Man, etc. of course many of these games have people from the original series working on them. \n\nAs a Resident Evil super fan that loves all of the games, I notice that the community all pretty much lauds REmake as the best in the series and many reviews and retrospectives all mention how they want that style back. I’m sure Capcom has zero interest in doing that style again, but here’s my idea for a new series in that style.\n\n\n“BioEvil”\n\nI think it’s a cool name that links together Resident Evil and of course it’s Japanese name: Biohazard. Right off the bat I’m sure people would look at that and link it to that series. Now before anyone thinks I’m talking about simply cloning RE that’s not the case, but I will start off with the elements from it first.\n\n\nGameplay:\nFairly obvious that it should be fixed camera, there is a level of tension built by this perspective that you can’t get with a free camera. With the fixed angles it would be much easier for even more independent developers to get extremely high end pre-rendered backgrounds. Pre-rendering the backgrounds also makes it less taxing on the computing power, allowing for higher res models and better lighting effects.\n\nThe actual gameplay would of course be the typical survival horror tropes that revolve around item management, surviving against enemies with limited healing items and ammo, finding key items to progress and solving lots of puzzles. The player also needs to find limited items that allow players to save their games only if they have stock of said item. There should be an option for players to use tank or traditional controls for both purists and modern gamers.\n\nPlayers can find new weapons and upgrades to help them progress through the game and make their time a little more manageable. Back tracking will likely be necessary to get things you couldn’t get before or find secrets if visitors later in the game. The implication of a hide/ stealth mechanic similar to metal gear solid or clock tower could also possibly be implemented against enemies you can’t fight yet or just as a way of conserving ammo, but this is debatable.\n\nI also want to look into a sanity mechanic. As the characters take damage or even certain enemy attacks or environmental things affect your characters well being. Picture this: as your sanity drops, so too does your critical hit chances, overall accuracy, reload time, and even seeing things that aren’t there. Enemies and environments can also change/become more spooky and grotesque as it drops. It’s a separate meter from the health, though not entirely disconnected. Low sanity maybe means your max health won’t be as high, so it will be easier to get killed by enemies.\n\nSanity can be restored though certain items or actions and maybe even over time as you stand in a safe room or well lit area much like Amnesia. A flashlight could play a big part in how the player navigates the dark parts of the game, but the batteries on it drain with usage. The batteries could recharge over time at the risk of maybe lowering players sanity in the darkness. They start with low batteries and can increase the battery life with upgrades. Maybe the flashlight beam can be concentrated into a more intense shot (like RE Revelations 2) for various effects at the expenditure of its battery life.\n\nI also want to look into a crafting system to make various weapons, sub weapons and ammo. I haven’t yet decided if it should just be crafting that gets better of time (like the more the player crafts, the more/better ammo they can make with experience) or implement a full on skill tree.\n\nAn RPG-like skill tree could be interesting as not only a way of improving crafting skills, but also potentially stealth, health, sanity, inventory space, speed, accuracy, etc. This way the player can customize their character to specialize in certain aspects at the detriment of maybe another skill. This would add yet another layer of strategy into the game.\n\nMuch like the original RE2, a zapping system could be implemented. More emphasis could be placed on decision making, allowing for multiple endings and gameplay changes depending on who goes first and what choices are made.\n\nCombat:\nMuch like RE and Dino Crisis, players will get various weapons with which to dispatch enemies. The ideal choice would be to try and avoid enemies as much as possible. If they can’t avoid the enemies they can usually incapacitate enemies or outright kill them. All damage to enemies may or may not recover over time, depending on the foe. \n\nSome enemies can have an instant kill move either all the time or just when the players health is lower than full. Not only various weapons, but ammo types can be used to deal with the enemies (which I will detail in the ‘Enemies’ section). I also think things like traps or the environment should have a much larger emphasis in dealing with enemies as they aren’t really used in those games with the exception of maybe the laser gates in Dino Crisis keeping the enemies away. Every encounter has a sort of risk reward if you choose to fight said enemies.\n\nElemental damage can be added to weapons, for example if there was a grenade launcher type weapon there could be flame rounds, freeze rounds or maybe a new shock round.\n\nAn idea I played around with in my head is a weapon wheel. Setting each weapon to a set amount of shortcuts (2-4) this would let players switch on the fly, not to make gameplay to “action oriented”, but just to deliver a smooth experience overall. To balance it a little bit, I think it’s not a bad idea that weapons should have to be reloaded in real time - not on the inventory screen!\n\n\nResident Evil was all about science making monsters like zombies and BOWs, Dino Crisis was sci-fi with the time gates for dinosaurs and silent hill was supernatural/psychological in nature. Even The Evil Within - a game that appears supernatural - is actually along those same lines when you figure out that (spoiler alert) all the characters in the other world are kind of mind-jacked into a machine that has real world consequences for what happens in the inner world, but the world outside doesn’t really have anything supernatural. Time to change that.\n\nA new IP means that we no longer have to follow those whole “Science is responsible” trope that much survival horror uses. Maybe it’s supposed to be scary because it seems more plausible, but the unexplained seems scarier to me. I prefer the Silent Hill route for BioEvil to go down: unexplained supernatural happenings and creatures that defy logic and reason. There can be original enemy designs and mechanics, but let’s take a look at some classic monsters from folklore and legend that could serve as the cannon fodder in this new world in no particular order.\n\n\nRegular Enemies:\n1. Werewolves: I imagine they would function similar to hunters. If the rumors surrounding Resident Evil 8 turn out to be true, this sounds similar to how they were explained to exist. They are fast and can surprisingly leap long distances. Their claws and/or bites can be fatal but they have a tell when they’re winding up for a deadly attack - not enough to be super predictable, but enough that skilled players can avoid to attack. Regular weapons can be used to incapacitate the werewolves for a set period of time but the only way to ensure they stay down is to use a silver bullet (which is of course going to be rarer to find).\n2. Vampires: I think they should be very nimble and deadly. They attack with claws and fangs and possibly weapons like swords or something (maybe a variety of ways depending on how late in the game it is). If they get ahold of the player and bite, it will do a lot of damage. Much like the RE zombies, it will be a gameplay mechanic and not put them at risk of turning - though the threat of turning could potentially be interesting as another way to force the player to be extra cautious now that I think about it. This could even potentially tie into multiple endings. Instead of being really based off of something existing from another game, they could be programmed more unique. Much like the werewolves they can incapacitated for a period of time, but they can only be killed permanently by an oak stake to the heart of a downed one, a flash-grenade like weapon that stores sunlight, decapitation or maybe a mix of any of the three. Weak to holy damage.\n3. Ghosts/Spectres/Spirits: These enemies can follow you through most rooms with the exception of iron doors, which can be present at set locations. They don’t deal much damage but you also don’t have much means of defeating them either. They can team up in large groups to become a nuisance, but the player should probably not be able to get stun-locked so as to not get overwhelmed by cheap mechanics instead of gameplay. The “sunlight bombs” as I’m dubbing them will destroy or incapacitate them for for a period of time and the player can use salt to either salt areas they can’t pass or make salt rounds for the shotgun to blast at them for permanent damage. Weak to holy damage. \n4. Imps/‘Flea Men’/‘Crawlers’: Think something similar to those weird tiny jumpy guys from castlevania. They can be demonic or monstrous but they serve as similar replacements to Lickers, climbing on walls and being fast, only they aren’t blind. Unlike the Lickers though they wouldn’t be much of a huge threat other than they can ambush you from a vantage point you might not be able to see. Can be killed with pretty much any weapon.\n5. Vampire Bats: Simple replacement for the crows, they can swarm you as more of a nuisance than anything.\n6. Skeletons/Undead/Ghouls: Not to retread too much on the zombie territory, but there should be a slower enemy that can be killed using most weapon options pretty much from the start of the game. Simple. Weak to fire or holy damage.\n7. Sirens: I’m picturing more of fish-man creature and not a mermaid. If there’s a section that requires being around water there can be a creature that can attack you and maybe even try to pull you into the water. An additional game mechanic could be an interesting deviation between characters (more on them later). This is based off of my own fantasy/horror series that I write on other subreddits) but maybe they have a screech attack that causes physical damage to the female character because it sounds awful and sanity damage to the male character because it sounds so good to him. If sanity is at a certain point or lower they can even be left open for an attack or maybe even an instant kill. Weak to maybe freeze or electric damage?\n8. Knights/Armor: Possessed suits of armor or something inside that is immune to small weapons fire and resistant to medium/large weapons. They are slow but hit hard, even with a lack of an instant kill attack. They would wield axes, swords, lances, halberds, crossbows, etc to cause damage to the player. They should be usually avoided when possible but maybe they can have a vulnerability to some sort of weapon.\n9. Hellhound: Quadruped dog to replace the Cerberus dogs, not much to say beyond that. Weak to holy damage.\n10. Demons: Much like the undead they can be the regular enemies, but I would say later in the game. Maybe they can have an extra weakness to holy water or any sort of blessed weapons the play may find (undecided if there should be ‘blessed weapons’). They would naturally be stronger, more durable and maybe faster enemies than the undead in the early game. This is similar to how the stronger Therizinosaurus replaced the raptors in Dino Crisis later in the game. Weak to holy damage.\n11. Gorgons: Can cause petrification status - not necessarily a game ender, but a it will effect movement speed unless cured with an item. Can be killed with any weapon.\n12. Harpies: Maybe a replacement for the bats. They can deal more damage maybe?\n13. Golem: Hits hard and durable but the player can chip away parts for permanent damage. Slow and immune to elemental damage.\n14. Giant Scorpions and/or Giant Snakes: Can deal poison damage to sap health. They would be about the size of the RE spiders and not the massive scorpion boss from RE0. Weak to Fire or Freeze damage.\n15. Ivy: Plant creatures that can poison or lower sanity, maybe depending on the type. Weak to fire and freeze damage.\n16. Shadow: An apparition not quite like a ghost or demon, but somewhere in between. They should have a tell that they are present before they attack such as the players shadow being darker or maybe they have two shadows that are slightly different. They can quickly sap away the players sanity if they attack successfully, only getting killed by an intense light beam or holy damage.\n\nBosses (In no particular order):\n1. The Monster: Tribute to Frankenstein’s Monster that Maybe pursues the player or just makes scripted appearances until the boss fight. Has a weakness to fire but if electric damage is implemented it actually makes the character stronger. Maybe if they are fought in an area where the player is surrounded by Tesla Coils, the monster gains health and maybe extra strength (for damage to the player) when it drains from the towers. The player will be tasked with either destroying the towers or damage the monster faster than it can heal. Either way, the player will be expending a lot of ammo in this fight.\n2. Minotaur: Large half man, half bull that is very fast, strong and durable. Not much to say.\n3. Alpha Werewolf: Werewolf that is much larger than the regular enemies. It should make multiple appearances before the boss fight in sections that require the player to hide (if a stealth mechanic is even implemented) or run away. The player should probably solve a quick-thinking puzzle of some sort to separate themselves from the boss. The boss can’t be killed in the first few encounters. During the actual fight, it should be a choice to once again solve a puzzle that eventually leads to a weapon that will kill the boss or the player can choose to expend lots of ammo (most importantly multiple precious silver bullets) instead.\n4. Witch: I think this fight would be much more unique and awesome if it was similar to the Scarecrow fights in the Batman Arkham games. The players are thrust into a much more psychological fight and even if some more Meta mechanics are used in this fight (think Eternal Darkness: Sanity’s Requiem) that seems to affect the players computer or console. Random effects can happen every play through (and unique to each console if it was multi platform) and the game world itself can randomly change during the fight. The point of the fight is to psychologically scare the player for the duration of it, until they eventually kill her.\n5. Hydra: This one might be just wishful thinking, with fixed cameras it could be hard to implement. As the fight progresses, the boss of course grows more heads after each is destroyed. Maybe the boss chases the player into multiple rooms or a set amount of damage needs to be inflicted before the final part of the fight occurs. Much like the fight against Neptune in REmake, the player will finish the fight by crushing it with a machine or trap or something.\n6. Cyclops/Triclops: Giant enemy that attacks the player through the wall of a room, the player is on the upper level of the room to be head level. I thought maybe they could be an alright choice to give the player something to aim at and be reminiscent of RE characters with the giant eyes. The players don’t really have a puzzle to solve like some of the other bosses on this list, but they will have to be on their toes as they shoot away the hands that want to grab them before the eye(s) open up for them to shoot. They also need to be weary of the bosses mouth and maybe falling stage hazards (the hazards can be cleared with weapons or the boss destroying them from blocking the player). I mentioned triclops as well because three eyes to destroy would likely positively extend the fight to a decent length.\n7. Cerberus: Again, a large enemy with multiple points of targeting. The three heads make it hard to evade, but it would be interesting to have each head be vulnerable to different kinds of elemental damage.\n8. Nightmare: Possibly a recurring pursuer much like Nemesis or Mr. X, this character can either be downed for a short period of time to gain some distance or until a scripted encounter. They can pursue the player pretty much anywhere, save boss rooms before the boss is fought. It’s undecided if safe rooms should still be safe from the pursuer. They can be downed by conventional attacks at the cost of wasting a lot of ammo and fighting a difficult fight. Holy damage does the most damage maybe even giving the player a bit of stun time to get away or reload or something. This character should be one of the final bosses, determinant on either who goes first or maybe which character it is.\n9. Archdemon (Unnamed as of yet): Possibly an antagonistic character or maybe one of the support characters that starts out human. By the end of the story it’s revealed that they were either an ultra powerful demon all along or they were manipulating things to get ultimate power. This will be a fight against a very fast and powerful enemy that tests the players skills (and maybe throw some puzzles in as part of the combat), being the final boss. As homage to RE, someone will give the player a powerful weapon that will seal away or kill the demon by the end of the fight.\n\n\nLocations:\nRE1 has the mansion, courtyard and labs. RE2 has the precinct, sewers and labs. RE3 has the city, clocktower (in the original only), the park (in original) and the factory/labs. So the idea of multiple locations makes sense for structuring the game around item collecting and some backtracking. My ideas for locations are also similar to RE4 and I suppose at the time of this writing the rumors behind RE8. It just makes sense for the context of the enemies. \n\nThe first location should probably be a Village somewhere in Europe that’s remote enough to lack technology but set in more modern times to allow for guns. The second location would be Ancient Ruins or a Labrynth. The ruins could give precedent to the more mythological creatures being there. I also think a large castle should be present but instead of second, after the village, it should be the last location with the toughest enemies.\n\n\nMain Weapons:\n1. Handgun: Basic starting weapon that holds a varying amount of shots depending on the character used. Relatively simple design that can effectively handle most enemies. The handgun can use 9mm rounds and enhanced rounds for more damage. The enhanced rounds could either be found later in the game or - like RE3 - be crafted with enough experience.\n2. Revolver/Magnum: I haven’t decided if these should be separate guns. They can use larger magnum rounds to deal much larger damage as well as the ability to use the very rare silver bullets. Essential for handling werewolves.\n3. Helsing’s Gun: A super weapon of ultra-high caliber that can be found at the end of the maze where the player fights the Alpha Werewolf. The way the game design should work is that the player is SUPPOSED to reach it for a one shot instant kill against the boss with its large silver round. Extra skilled players should also have the option of beating the boss in a traditional way and saving the coveted gun for extremely high damage against whomever they choose. It can’t be reloaded.\n4. Shotgun: Typical powerful close range weapon. Can blow weak enemies heads off and stop others in their tracks. Has the typical shells and maybe enhanced shells for greater damage, range or spread potentially. Can also use salt rounds to dispose of ghosts or stun demons.\n5. Grenade Launcher: Has craft-able rounds of various types to be used on different enemies. Incendiary rounds obviously deliver fire damage, Freeze rounds deliver ice damage, and we could maybe have Shock rounds to deliver electricity damage. The addition of a “Holy” round or “Blessed” round adds a new dynamic against demonic, undead or cursed beings. If crafted, these rounds are the most costly and (if a skill tree is implemented) take the longest to unlock for crafting. Most enemies in the game I would imagine would be weak to this so we would likely want to balance this gameplay-wise. This is also the reason I think adding traditional mythological creatures adds some variety as I don’t think they would have the same weaknesses.\n6. Machine Gun: Not much to say other than it could be a quick weapon to spray lots of shots with. Not really sure how useful it would be in the long run.\n7. Rifle: The implementation of a rifle if possible but maybe not plausible. It would have to either go into first-person like RECV or RE4 to try and pull of headshots. This causes more issues if pre-rendered assets are used for backgrounds. Another issue is how long any given corridor would be makes the distance from enemies not significant enough. Could maybe cause headshot’s from across the room and be an overall powerful shot at the expense of time between shots. All in all this is the most likely weapon to get cut if needed.\n8. Crossbow: Can potentially use regular bolts that will kill weaker enemies, iron bolts for more damage as well as damaging ghosts, and oak stakes. The oak stakes either need to be stabbed into a downed vampire or can be shot on the crossbow for an instant death. I haven’t decided if the bow can only hold one shot or not at a time, I guess it depends on game balancing.\n9. Sword: Yes, you heard right. Maybe not a great idea, but I’m just spitballing ideas here. It could be awesome! Who knows? Player has to get within close range to enemies, but it doesn’t require ammo and can potentially decapitate certain enemies. The backstory of the sword could be that it’s blessed or something (like the whip in Castlevania) so it can damage enemies with holy damage or something, but it can’t be too over/under powered. The balance would need to be between risk/reward.\n\nSub-Weapons:\n1. Knife/Dagger/Hatchet: I said hatchet as a way to differentiate it from RE a bit. Sub-weapons are something in a secondary slot that a player can use if grabbed to get their attacker off of them much like in REmake. Potentially, maybe the knives can be used like in the RE2make and RE3make and have a usage meter until they break if the player wants to try knifing or hacking an enemy slowly to death.\n2. UV Grenades: Flash grenades that not only blind enemies, but emit UV light that can kill vampires, ghosts or shadows. They also blind other enemies for a short period of time.\n3. Silver Grenades(?): I was unsure of this one, maybe just something to shove down a werewolf’s throat of it grabs the player. Kills them instantly.\n4. Cross/Holy Water: Can be used if grabbed by enemies in order to make them drop the player.\n\n\nCharacters (No names or backstories as of yet):\nTypically there are one or two choosable characters in any given game, sometimes with major differences and others negligible. I think it would be cool to incorporate three characters - all with different perks, bonuses and support character. The paths/enemies the characters take/face could be slightly different depending on who you play as and when you play as them (alluding to the more advanced zapping system). Each character will get their own special item that doesn’t use up an inventory space. These items can be found in a regular item form by the other characters (detailed in the next section).\n1. Special Forces Soldier/Police Officer: Combat trained and generally gets the most max health and heavy duty weapons at the expense of less starting inventory. Levels up the slowest (if skill tree is implemented).\n2. College Student: Might seem weird at first, but I think if the character is there looking to save someone it becomes plausible. Their backstory could include something along the lines of their siblings or parents being a cop or soldier, teaching them how to use firearms. They should have the the highest movement speed, most inventory space and maybe levels up the fastest (if the skill tree is implemented) at the cost of having the lowest health.  \n3. Detective/Private Investigator: Maybe a local from around the area or nearby. They could also be looking for someone dear to them or trying to solve a case as either a Detecive or PI. They would be the most balanced out of the three characters. Not much else to say.\n\n\nUnique Character Items:\n1. Lockpick (Detective): Typical item to unlock locks that require simple keys like chests or doors. Other two characters need keys to unlock those doors. Unlike RE games I won’t be including the lighter as I think it is almost unnecessary given the gameplay differences.\n2. Cross (College Student): One character gets this item that prevents them from being grabbed by certain enemies (Demons, Vampires, etc.). They can still be damaged by other means and grabbed by enemies not weak to holy damage however. It can be picked up by the other characters at a later point at the expense of an inventory slot.\n3. Upgraded Flashlight (Special Forces Soldier): This character starts with an upgrade already on their flashlight (being able to upgrade multiple levels from the start of the games) meaning they will be able either reach maximum sooner or possibly one level beyond what the other two can get. This of course depends on balancing. It makes sense that a soldier or cop would be prepared with a flashlight. In the game the other two characters start with no flashlight until a set early point. This character starts with the basic one and gets an upgrade at the point the other two would normally find it.\n\nStory:\nI am both an author here on Reddit that specializes in Horror/Dark Fantasy stories and could reasonably craft a decent narrative, character backstories and character dialogue to make it interesting. I know on this subreddit that any ideas are supposed to be fair game, but if anyone wanted to proceed with this game idea I would love to be a part of its creation. If you are a skilled up and comer or even a more experienced studio I would love to be involved step by step. I also do voice-acting if needed for the project as well. It all just depends on what’s needed if this ever went anywhere.\n\nIn conclusion I think that this has the potential to not only be the type of game people have been wanting for a while but could even prove to be a decent success! If you look at other series “clones” like Bloodstained or Dark Souls it’s proven they can work quite well as long as the people get what they want!"
gzu0uw,A Star Wars game where you play as a Jedi without a lightsaber,"When I was playing Fallen Order I thought about how it was cool to learn more for each abilities along the way. But what if you played as a character whose lightsaber gets lost or destroyed early in the game, and you have to rely on the force for the rest of the game. There could be a lot of new mechanics that weren’t in other games. There could be cool new force attacks and different ways to block things. \n\nI just think this is a pretty cool idea, and I kind of want to hear your opinions."
gzrwm4,[REQUEST] Meta horror game story,"Meta horror basically is different from the usual scary theme and unexpected. Like, self-awereness, 4th wall breaking, and like i said, unexpected.\n\nAlso if you can, please keep it simple. A nice lore would be enough. I want to keep it expanding myself. \n\nSome meta horror games do things like looking like an ordinary game and then slowly progressing into the horror. \n\nIf you still didn't understand, I'm perfectly sure there's a way better explanation.\n\nSome examples of meta horror :\n\n- Doki Doki Literature Club\n- Simulacra\n- Pony Island\n- Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion\n- I'mscared\n\nThank you!"
gzpxio,Single player game based around the Soviet Union,"Basically this game follows the Soviet Union from Lenin arriving in Petrograd to its first battles of the Russian civil war all the way to the fall of the Soviet Union. You take part in many historical battles as different soldiers, and the game shows you how the Soviet Union rose, and how it fell as well.\n\n\nNot a whole lot of information but it might be a good concept."
gzp4ty,Zombie Horde Survival MMO,"A few nights ago I had a dream where I was rescuing survivors of a zombie apocalypse and escorting them to safehouses for a cash reward. Waking up, something that really stood out to me about this experience was the distancing from stereotypical survival mechanics, there was no focus on scavenging, guns and ammo were plentiful, and you didn't need to eat or drink; you just snuck past zombie hordes, mowed them down, or ran from them as you completed objectives and went from safehouse to safehouse. \n\nThe mechanics in the dream were fairly barebones; \n\n* zombies are all over the place on the roads, but less common in the alleys and side streets.\n* survivors who need rescuing are hiding out in those safer areas and will pay you if you get them home quickly and safely. \n* There are forts that are well protected and free of zombies, but are defended by NPCs who own them. Some accept visitors, some don't.\n* There's a random event signaled by a siren where zombies start spawning in higher numbers and have an unlimited aggro range.\n* The gameworld is split into districts with varying levels of safety.\n* Special zombies spawn in more dangerous districts.\n* Dead players can be looted, but there's no friendly fire or PVP (didn't come up in the dream, but a real game could have PVP districts.\n\nThose are all the mechanics that featured in the dream, extrapolating form there, I would also add the following mechanics:\n\n* Rescuing survivors is balanced around both damage done and time taken.\n   * Going through safe routes is slower, but uses fewer resources and results in less damage to your escortee.\n   * Going through the main roads is a lot faster, but they're going to take damage.\n   * If the survivor dies, you can loot them for a reduced payout.\n* Forts hold a lot of loot, but getting to it is harder than fighting off a horde since the fort NPCs are kitted out to be able to handily defeat any zombie threat that they could encounter.\n* Supply caches are found throughout the city.\n   * They contain guns and ammo, as well as trade goods and cash.\n   * There are two types, care packages dropped from the sky by the military to support survivors, and hidden ones where the location can only be found via maps.\n   * Both kinds can only be looted once, so it's a race to get to them first.\n* Forts and safehouses occasionally come under attack from an overwhelming horde, when they do they put out a public message asking for help in exchange for a reward.\n\nBasically the game is Dead Frontier 2 if it was a survival shooter instead of an ARPG, now that I think of it. Dead Frontier is a twin-stick shooter, and the mechanics and focus shifted a lot in the move to a more traditional third-person viewpoint. This realization comforts me, since I know that making what I saw is possible, since it has already been done in three different ways already. (DF's prototype is also a standalone game, making DF2 technically the third in the series)"
gzluk7,An RTS city/civilization builder combined with an action role-playing game,"Some people complain that NPCs are aimless, they walk around without objectives when you are in a town or city.\n\nWhat if the city functioned like an AI controlled RTS city builder. Kind of like the economy and city building of Grand Ages: Rome combined with Age of Empires and Stronghold RTS style games.\n\nEach building has a purpose. The lumber mill produces lumber, the farms produce actual food, the workshops produce weapons, the houses give the city a bigger population.\n\nJust like in stronghold, when people walk about its to get things done. The Ai will periodically gather troops and attack an enemy faction.\n\nNow imagine that but in an Action role-playing setting.\n\nYour character is plopped right in the middle of one of these cities.\n\nEssentially you would have to code and animate an RTS city builder with a basic functioning economy. Then layer the first person action roleplay elements.\n\nThe result could be really interesting, your character gets to interact with a real breathing economy with periodic battles between different AI civilizations."
gzlald,A speedrunning/stealth game where your only objective is to kill every single NPC in a building,[deleted]
gzkwhb,An anime dating sim where all the characters are countries personified as cute anime girls,[deleted]
gzk86c,2nd person perspective game where you see through the vision of the stalker you are running/hiding from,I recently saw a video about what the 2nd perspective would look like and thought of a few game ideas related to it. I feel like it might be interesting as a game since 2nd perspective is so rare
gziskd,an idea for a roblox platformer,a game like mario 64 or roblox 64 but you have to complete stages to learn moves\n\nthe moveset for xbox (because its simpler to map it out on xbox in my head) a to jump b while standing still to punch b while moving to do the thing in sm64 where you can do a little hop in a sliding animation. and b while jumping or jumping and moving to do a kick.\n\nx to dive while jumping otherwise it will be a dash.\n\nright trigger to crouch and right trigger and a to do a dash jump.\n\nyou should be able to climb poles and grab onto ledges and wall jump.\n\nalso it should use the players avatar.\n\ntry and make some fun levels where you have to get to the end to unlock different abilities and then use them in the next level.\n\nat the end maybe have a creator? so you can make levels and have other people play them!\n\nalso when you slide make it like the crouch hop thing!\n\nalso pls credit me if you do because ive always wanted to have a game like this!
gzia7u,A cybernetic body-horror VR game inspired by this one scene in Superman III that haunted me as a child.,"I'm talking about [this scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuSsSwg9MXs) Despite the dated effects, it still freaks me the fork out.\n\nBy prolonging this transformation and doing it in VR, I think it could turn out into an excellent horror game. To really sell the body horror, instead of your limbs simply getting replaced or covered with machine parts, your body parts instead periodically *morph* into wiry electronics from the inside out as necrosis tissue falls off.\n\nMost importantly, for the sake of the theme, the robot body parts you get **DO NOT** come with any robot powers or abilities. In fact, your parts that get replaced by machine become *less* functional. At some point your cybernetic hand is dangling by wires, and not only can you still move your fingers to grab things, but you'll be forced to grab things this way to continue. Eventually that hand falls off and is replaced by some pulsating claw of prehensile wires.\n\n####Here's the premise:\nTechnology reaches the singularity and a Terminator-style machine apocalypse leaves humans scattered across hidden camps for survival. One engineer believes he has the solution: turn humans into machine to survive among the machines. The engineer lured you in and injected you with his cybernetic-nanobot-mcguffin-thing. Half of the game is trying to escape his bunker among his other failed experiments; the other half takes place on the surface, trying to return to your camp while machines hunt you down.\n\nLate into the game, you are given the option to speed up the transformation and lose the last bit of your humanity. It's around this time you find out that you can stick your one fully-transformed arm through a machine scanner to open some gate without the scanner triggering an alert. This is also around the time you find a lone survivor, a child, and decide to at least guide the child to the human camp since it's probably too late for you. In the end, there's one gate left but the only way to open it is for a full-machine to pass all the way through a scanner."
gzhai7,An RPG in your dreams where you can only win by growing as a person.,"You awaken in a strange world full of surreal things, where space does not function as it should, and perception warps, and quickly discover that everyone in this world knows you, despite you not knowing them. They all readily explain themselves, of course, as though read from a script, until it's revealed: you're in REM sleep, the world between dreams. But soon, you'll have to enter a dream, and when you return, you'll forget everything.\n\nEach dream, although potentially not apparent at first, represents some flaw in the main character, which could be solved by self-improvement. Correlating to each area of improvement is a gameplay mechanic which the world of the dream is built around-- for example, the main character's anger issues are struggled with in a beat-'em-up world, while fears are encountered a horror stealth world, etc.\n\nOver the course of the game you'll go through multiple nights, facing more challenging worlds as you go. While they are connected by gameplay, the worlds are not connected by continuity, so each night you will go through multiple small stories, each world having their own. Every so often, you'll be brought back to the world between dreams, which slowly grows more congruent and memorable as you grow 'stronger' through your dreams, a fact the various characters all take notice of.\n\nBetween your dreams, you are told, or perhaps get to see, what your character did that day. Because you're only his subconscious, dreaming self, you don't get any direct input in these actions.\n\n&gt;!Kind of a new spin on this flair, I thought!&lt;"
gzg7nt,How can I make 2048 more interesting?,I was playing 2048 and it's very fun but I feel like there is something you can add to it to make it way more fun and more exciting. Idk I can't really think of something so maybe you can.
gzf39a,A boss based on Gambling,"I had an idea for a boss. He's rather weak and uses moves that have a chance to lower ATK or stun your characters, But he may use a dice rolling skill that summons a henchman based on a roll name."
gzf1yr,Naruto game,"Hello everyone, I'm a huge Naruto fan and I would love to play a game like this :\n\nYou get to create your own character and after that you get placed in a random clan. Then you would start to go into missions, climb the ranks until you become Hogake, create your own Jutsus, choose if you want to be the hero or the villain etc.. I could go on forever but you guys get the idea. \n\nBasically as realistic as it can possibly be just like the anime/manga. If I've been living under a rock and such a game already exists, please tell me. If you guys want more details I will make another post where I explain things better and try to cover pretty much everything.\n\nHave a great day!"
gzd84z,"A mystery horror game where you play as a TV reality show Investigator, exploring haunted locations and encountering supernatural threats","It's a mixture of something like Tomb Raider and Resident evil. \n\nThe idea sounds simple at first, but there's a lot of nuance here.\n\nFirst off, the player has to discover clues from each location, using nothing but rumours and Archeological information. \nThere are multiple sources of information, not all are trustworthy. \n\nLocations vary from classic haunted mansions, to entire lost cities. \n\nGameplay involves solving mysteries and Capturing the data on your camera, before sending it to headquarters. Getting more information grants you support from HQ, which means access to new tools, gear and weapons (for potential threats) \n\nThe locations are haunted, meaning the player must be wary of supernatural threats, and can use their camera to spot them. \n\nThe thing is: the only way to gain rewards for solving mysteries and surviving inside haunted locations is with your CAMERA. Meaning you must keep it charged, cleaned and have enough space for pictures AND video. \n\nThe real kicker is that the studio that hires you will pay more for ""supernatural sightings"" than just clues from solving mysteries. So drawing out said supernatural threats via mystery solving becomes the new objective \n\nFinally, each location works like a metroidvania: new portions of the map can be opened via using clues and mysteries YOU have already solved. But opening new areas means exposing NEW supernatural threats."
gzd220,Game idea,"This is a really really weird game idea i had. This is a really long pvpve game.\n\nThere would be like 20 to 30 players depending on what mode you play. There would be a 2v2 or a solo game mode. You would start in a large map, that would eventually have hordes of monsters in it. your goal is to defend a base you make. Teams cant fight each other until a special mode is active. To defend your base you can set up traps and defences or make up spells to help you. The building system is like the forests building system but it will be alot easier.  When the hordes start for each monster you kill you will freeze them in time with your Temple (what your protecting).\n\nAfter 6 minutes of the horde they will all die and you special event will happen. The closest enemys teams is highlighted and you will fight to the death. The team to damage the enemys temple the most or destroy it. The horde monsters will follow the team the are with. (if teams the monsters will split in half) after 8 minutes the team with the least mount of temple health dies and the other lives. Then it will go back to repairing and building mode where you can repair your structures.\n\nThese modes will rotate until the game gets down to 2 teams last 1 standing win.\n\nIf you have questions or suggestions ask."
gzc3si,Conan Exiles x Dynasty Warriors,"I think a base game like Conan Exiles, with the combat and theme/setting of the Dynasty Warriors universe, (or at least romance of the three kingdoms) would be interesting. You could have battles similar to Dynasty Warriors vs other players, where you have units and customisable soldiers. The ""thralls"" would be named warriors that have their own units. Just an idea."
gzbs8g,A Post Post Apocalyptic Metroidvania,"Hey guys, first time posting on Reddit, I'll try to make this quick.  \n\n\nSo like the title says, this is a metroidvania style game, which to me means that the player must explore the world in order to find upgrades that will allow them to explore even further, until reaching a certain goal. In this case, these upgrades can either be new skills, or a stat increase, to either strength, agility or intelligence. But while strength and agility are often useful in moving objects out of the way or making longer jumps, intelligence very rarely locks you out of any section, and in fact directly makes the game harder. I've been avoiding mentioning the story side of the game so far, but that's as far as I can go, so let's get into that.  \n\n\nThe story goes that at some point in the near future, a bunch of druids that had so far been dormant all across the globe awaken, and witness the mess humans have made of the environment.  Being protectors of nature, they are infuriated, and rather than listen to reason and talk things out with humanity, they just directly wipe them out, and start working on guiding nature to heal itself. The game starts you off thousands of years after this, giving you control of a wolf in his pack. A strange, bear-like creature has taken one of your cubs and ran off, and since the rest of the pack is too afraid to chase after it, you take it upon yourself to go rescue this cub.  \n\n\nNow to link it back to the mechanic bit: These upgrades that you get are basically mutations, and what intelligence does, is reveal more of the game's lore to you. As you explore and find the ruins of civilization, your character is much too dumb to actually read any text, and so this text appears blurred. In the same way, if you find druids on the way, they will speak to you, but this character can't understand them either, and so their subtitles appear blank. Upgrading intelligence will allow you to start seeing bits and pieces of this blurred text and parse out what exactly happened here, but if a druid notice that you are becoming intelligent, not only will it become hostile and start a mini boss fight, but you will be marked, and thus every animal in the game will also become more aggressive towards you, even your old pack, and some might also become stronger. This will only become worse as more marks are placed upon you. As may be obvious at this point, this would be a game with multiple endings which depend on how much INT you have accumulated throughout it.   \n\n\nThere are more things I would add, but I think this here is the core of the game, and I've already gone pretty long while trying to be quick so... That's it for now. So what do you guys think? I'd love to hear your opinions."
gzaf22,A short rpg system idea,I have an idea for an rpg game system that doesn't have level ups but orbs that you upgrade by getting resources. Orbs upgrade your base stats of your party member's. The way you get resources is by defeating enemies.
gza75d,Augmented Reality Miniature Wargame with Trading Cards,"A company like Wizards of the Coast should come out with an open ended augmented reality platform for a series of Miniature wargames and possibly tabletop RPGs what would require a deck of cards to represent your heroes and equipment. \n\n\nThe game board would come as 9 metal pieces in a board game sized box that would snap together. Each side would have a hex grid at two different scales representing both an over world map and zoom in of a single hex. The box would also include a series of hex pucks with QR Codes that would magnetically attach to the board to allow you to flip to the zoomed in scale without disturbing the over world side.\n\nUnits and equipment are represented by trading cards that get tied to the magnetic QR markers or are tied other cards. Cards will represent main character units, support units, vehicles, and equipment and have a deployment cost to balance their use. Units and vehicles can be customized with equipment cards by placing them underneath with the edge that has a bar code showing. \n\nFor example, in a modern military game a jet might have 4 armament mounting points and a selection of different things you can attach. Different weapons will change what other units that jet is effective against as well as increase the deployment cost. \n\nThis concept could be applied to either PVP tabletop games where two or more forces are going against each other or games like dungeons and dragons where the game plays the dungeon master. By providing tile sets players could make their own maps and adventures to share. \n\nThe concept also could be applied to a lot of different genres. Each card pack and tile set that was release would just be more money for the developers. \n\nBeing an AR game it would allow you to play against friends online and even play asynchronously where each player take a turn at their leisure. Playing online and not being able to see your opponents QR markers adds an element of stealth as well."
gz65pr,Save the Painforest: Light Hearted 4x (Plants Vs Zombies contender),"**Concept**: The main idea is a bit goofy, and borrows only somewhat from the  suburban theme of PvZ. The story goes you have a jungle for a front yard, and it keeps eating people. It would be a patch of literal jungle, neatly contained in a square. The neighbors hate it, so your main mission is to nightly raid and transform their yards into the same. I see it loaded with irrelevant humor, with room to take digs on crotchety neighbors, porch pirates, HOA's, etc.\n\n**Gameplay**: View would be a top down, rolling map and grid with colorful yards of different sizes within each tile. There would be day/night cycle, night time being the primary source of action and building. Every rival yard near a jungled patch will ""erode"" with a health bar timer winding down. You can speed this up by sending plant seeds and creeper vines, or possibly sabotaging other elements such as lawn mowers and neighbor cats. I can imagine a list of ridiculous things that could add defense and strategy to each house, making the approach more challenging. Walls, dog poo, defense lasers, The Brazilian Prime minister, it goes on.\n\nEach yard would have an advancing list of qualities that would make it more or less desirable, in exchange for faster/slower conversion rates. As you'd convert yards, you'd gain more resources to purchase new types of jungle seeds, ranging from old growth to marshland and bamboo. Each jungle type would grow in tiers over time, allowing better bonuses and broader access to other yards.  Higher tiers of jungle could start producing resource gathering abilities, such as tigers or man eating plants to snag pedestrians walking by during the day time. After progressing through basic jungle types you can move onto advanced ones like ""Fanghorn forest"" from LoTR or Haunted Transylvanian themed.\n\nDaytime would essentially be the gathering phase, and allow for farther sight and planning. Perhaps a fog of war type shroud limiting players in the larger levels at night. Most of your gathering would occur during the day time through watering and resources passing by in the street. Each house would have to be upgraded with better water maintenance systems, from hoses to advanced sprinklers in order to convert neighboring yards quickly enough at night. You risk losing the yard back to grass if certain defensive precautions arent met, ramping in difficulty depending on adjacent rival yards. \n\nI'm also fond of rogue-like experiences, and adding an element of permanent progress slowly layered over challenging matches could heighten replay-ability, naturally. There could be special objectives through out each map. This would include hard earned bonuses like golf courses, greenhouses, and mayoral lawns.\n\n**Aesthetic**: Mostly I see this as fun mini 4x game with uplifting humor, and a dash of appreciation for nature and the wild. I could see it done with a cartoony quality some-what like PVZ, or even with pixel art similar to Stardew Valley. The menus and level dialogue would be nothing serious, and poke fun at Karen types and general suburbia. Lots of bright colors to make actions pop. I crave more games like Plague: Inc, Creeper world 3, Civ 4, anything to do with starting small and growing exponentially. I thought this would be an upbeat relaxing mode for that genre, with the added bonus that it's not impossible to design.\n\nDoes this sound fun? Any thoughts?\n\nThank you for reading!"
gz5dis,Energy field around the player that wakes up enemies. can also be placed to activate engines...,"a game where you find and carry energy boxes/tanks in your backpack that provides energy to enemies in a certain range around the player allowing them to attack. The more energy you carry the further the range. The entire energy boxes/tanks are also used to unlock new areas, power engines, and solve small puzzles.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nFeel free to do what you like with the idea! if someone is interested here is all my notes and pictures of this idea as a 2D Platformer:  \n[https://imgur.com/a/plrrtbG](https://imgur.com/a/plrrtbG)"
gz2g2t,Roguelike/dungeon crawler/dating sim,"Okay, okay.   \nI think this idea would be cool.\n\nso how the game works is that there is a normal rpg-like overworld, where you can interact with npcs, and date all the ones you can date.\n\nmost of the gameplay is similar to Pokemon Mystery Dungeon in a way.\n\nwhen a date’s affection is high for you, you can invite them to fight alongside you in the dungeons.\n\nin the dungeons, the gameplay is like the dungeons in PMD + the dungeons in Binding of Isaac/Legend of Zelda. You can choose your attacks like in PMD, but it’s more real time than turn based, like Binding of Isaac/Legend of Zelda. More powerful attacks will have cooldowns that last a few seconds, while there will be some weaker rapid-fire ranged attacks. Same rules for melee attacks, though most melee attacks are slower than ranged attacks.\n\nyou fight in the progressing dungeons until you reach and defeat the final boss. \n\nthere will be two other modes, “harem mode” where you can have as many dates as you want in a dungeon instead of one (for non-monogamists and/or babies who wanna breeze though the game), and ”hardcore mode,” where there is partner permadeath, slightly increased difficulty, and if you die it’s game over (not for babies).\n\nI’m thinking the lore will be about a supernatural being that is about to cause worldwide chaos, and the setting will be medieval fantasy. All your dating options will be monster girls/boys because that would be cool and fit with the fantasy theme (we also need more monster dating sims). There would be a boy and girl version of every monster (with some exceptions, like an Amazon lady).\n\nall dates will be about the same strength and all equally balanced, as to not make players date someone just because they are more powerful. Remember, it is also a dating sim, you wouldn’t date someone just to use them for your own selfish gain, now would you?\n\nthe only exception would be a few ”special” dates. These require going to one of two abandoned churches/worship locations, and either not dating anyone and praying daily, or sacrificing your dates/partners to become apostles. The “special” dates will be powerful gods, either an angel or devil, and will be loads more powerful than all other dates/partners. There are different endings, the normal ending where you finish the game with a normal date, and other endings depending on if you finished with a god, and which god you finished with. I’m thinking that maybe there could be a third Lovecraft-like eldritch god alongside the angel and devil.\n\nwhat do you think?"
gyvu1n,Large scale hikking/Alpinism with RPG Survival elements (based on Alasca),"Plot.\n\n7 completetly unknown to each other hikkers group togheter in a small town around the Canadian Border... some of them are American, others European , 4 females and 3 males. all of them playable, each of them with different personality... at the very early stage of the game, the player is submited with a presentation in form of movie like intro to each one of them, while they are sit around a camp fire, talking to each other, explaining others who they are and why they want to hike and explore alaska... then the player decice wich of them them to play.\n\nAfter player decide wich of the character to play.... the journey begginns. with all the characters being taken into a more isolated place on a very old bus, which breaks down... (keep in mind this story is not being played in hour time, but in the 80's.... no cellphones, no instagram, nothing all of that takes place...)\n\nEach character have different goals in life and their own agenda in game. \n\n1 particular character (female) is obsessed with hikking in Alaska because his grand dad was a German wermacht soldier who managed to escape a soviet prisioner camp after ww2, and his intentions are not just by going there simply hikking, he wants to make the same trail, and that means he is up to travel way more than others are interested.\n\nAnother Character (male) is a professional Alpinist, a character with an extraodinary ability to climb vertical walls and is interested in finding a particular wall peak. \n\nOthers characters are also complex individuals, but so far non of their minds is disclosed yet. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe gameplay is build around the tension of having to move between places as safe as possible...with a lot of dialogue / RPG style taking place, with discussions about the routes to take and decisions about where to go,\n\nBad wheater , deadly accidents may happen and even deaths among this characters, will affect the way they interact with each other... each character may turn the best friend ever or the best lover of another character or simply the most hatefull enemy depending on how the RPG elements evolve.\n\nEvery character will have a 1 to 20 point of love-hate between to each other... this means this characters will be presented to each other at 10th level, meaning... if a character feel 1 about other character, that means he hates it... wants to kill it, really dislikes him... if a character is 20 about another character, that means he is truelly in love with that person and even may die for him.\n\nAll of this elements are dynamical during the game and develop depending on the player choices and the randomic events that may happen during the game.\n\nA character giving shelter in their tent to another... increases a point... \n\na character giving food to another also increases a point. \n\nThe problem is... this is a survival game, and at soem point in the game, food will be short... there will be no shelter,, some characters will die (inevitable) and you will fight to feed your self and keep you warm. \n\nAlso Routes (missions) and (quests) create tension between characters, because some of them will be interested in going to a certain trail, but others will be more interested in just going a more safe path.\n\nother times a character will be also to have to face life chocies, about who dies and who lives...\n\nwhen being attacted by wolves or bears... or even if while climbing a roupe is not strong enough for 3. \n\nAll of this elements happen  in a vast map filled with great landscapes and breath taking scenery providing a sense of freedom\n\nDay and Night cycles are crucial,  each day a character will have bar of stamina, that bar is affected by how the character sleep well or not... if a character sleept poorly, he will have less stamina to survive another day, if a character is cold, its stamina will be shorter... that will reflect how the character is able to move, climb and even survive. \n\nevery day new dialogues take place between characters while they explore the vast trails they discuss to go, those dialgues can be either friendly or non-friendly depending in how their relationship develops. \n\nWhile most AAA games focus in having open worlds with hundreeds of MPC's with limited amount of dialogue output, this game would be focus in 7 characters with a huge variety and dynamic dialogue system.\n\nBut mostly its inevitable that some of them maynot reach the end of the game. \n\nthis plot so far is still under development, but i feel the idea is so strong that it would be very easy to navigate throw it, and build something remarkable.\n\nNow i only need 1 million € to hire the right 100 people to translate this into software."
gyskov,A battle royale where the player is gun illiterate,"Simple concept, handling guns is very clunky and unpredictable (aka PUBG controls), reloading isn't just slow but you have a chance to fail reloading, having to redo it. Melee weapons can be actually viable because everyone knows how to swing a baseball bat and your enemy doesn't know how to use a gun. You may also misfire the gun if you change guns without putting the safety on.\n\nIf you use a gun for 1 minute, you get experienced with it, you reload faster, handle recoil better, etc. This effect can stack up to 3 times, resetting every time you lose, if you win your 'experience' will carry on to the next round."
gyqnji,Final Destination Game,"Thought of an idea for a 3D platformer / puzzle game that follows a person who cheated Death. Now Death trying to take its revenge as you try to navigate through life. \n\nLevel design puts you through everyday mundane scenarios (i.e. going to work, taking an elevator, cooking dinner) however the entire level is trying to kill you. Things fly at you triggering quicktime events, floors drop out triggering platforming sequences. It almost plays like a 3D version of Unfair Mario, where you trial and error your way through the BS the game puts you through while still allowing for mechanical skill to keep the game interesting. \n\nMost of the effort in this game goes into animation and movement mechanics. There has to be a plethora of death animations in the game to compliment the morbid theme and spice up the player experience. On top of this, each level has to present unique puzzles and options such that the game doesn't just become a movie of quicktime events. Speaking of QTEs, they should be relatively fast paced and promote mechanical skill (i.e. clicking on something or mashing a button) rather than be simple ""Press E to dodge"" in order to immerse the player in the dangers of everyday life.\n\nLet me know what you think!"
gypcy0,Class based/social deduction game combination,"So basically a social deduction game similar to Trouble in Terrorist Town, but before the game begins you can select from a roster that each has a special perk/ability(for example, one could buy things from traitor/detective menus at a reduced cost or one could reload their weapon faster), similar to hero shooters such as TF2 and Overwatch.\n\nI have been experimenting with certain mechanics/ classes myself(mostly on paper as I am not game design savvy) and so far I like what I see. There would of course have to be unique mechanics to help fit into the class based category(such as certain missions the crew has to do while the traitors try to take them out discretely). \n\nI’m also torn between two different variations of acquiring weapons and explosives on whether or not it’d be similar to TTT where you scavenge the map for them or if you can select customizable ones from a menu."
gyolom,Help,"So my idea is pretty simple... It’s pretty much a mix of saints row two and gta v... but the important thing is to give the player more free will an room to roam so to speak like if you ever played the old game the warriors in the game you could break into stores\n\nBased in San Francisco Ca\n\nGuns that’s actually being used in America \n\nBetter visuals (hopefully)\n\nCrimes that people are really doing (my background 🙃)\n\nIs there a way to make the AI more dangerous?\n\n\nWe could do a mobile version with no story mode just different battle modes \n\nYou customize your character to look how you want or you can upload a picture of yourself \n\nMan Hunt mode: 1v1 up to 4v4 in different sections of the city\n\nFree for all\n\nFree play mode \n\nSTORY MODE : rent due you get kicked out in a week now you turn to the streets... missions involve actual crimes :robbery, kidnapping, car theft, murder for hire, selling drugs, pimping\n\nTo get multiple faces an body types for the game we can literally ask anyone in sf we are very narcissistic here so that won’t be a problem\n\n\n\nIF IM MISSING ANYTHING PLEASE TELL ME OR JUST GIVE FEEDBACK"
gynjhc,Horror game idea! (Sounds dumb but never seen it before),"Technically this can be any genre but i chose horror cuz it sounds fun. I dont have a story for it but i have a creative idea of a character having amnesia! From the start you play with normal controls such as WASD, but then an explosion happens (basically anything that would cause amnesia) and when you wake up the controls become completely different! As the story progresses which means your character is starting to remember things, the controls slowly come back to normal. Idk the story can be anything, its just an example for the controls on how the users can interact with what the character is going through."
gymgu6,I want to make a game that addresses racism,I want it to be impactful and make the player feel bad about racism like force the player to take a racist decision that would affect or even kill someone . (it is a bit rough but I think it is the way to go)\n\nI would prefer animals or other things because it would be a bit easier to make.\n\nDo you have any ideas of a story or gameplay that includes these things ?
gyifdo,Airship Constructor/tycoon/Simulator,"The idea is to make the player design and fly phyiscally working airships. A sandbox mode and a typcoon-like game mode where you run a commerical airship passenger service somewhere in the 1930s\n\nBut the main core of the game is to design big airships, including all the mechanical aspects, like aluminium rigids, gascells, helium/hydrogen selection, control fins, engines with propellers, and of course the area for the passengers to make the journey as luxury and comfortable as possible but also leightweight. So...physics play a big role here.\n\nNo game like this exists as airships are barely used in games and then most as battleunits. I guess a lot of people would play this! Also stuff like replaying the Hindenburg accident and similar shit!\n\nI also thought about a coop multiplayer where players have to work together and control the airship, like one controller, workers that control the height by deploying water tanks and helium and people that control the engines....something like that"
gyi75r,Drive and Draw,"A game where you are in a futuristic world, in a futuristic car. In order to avoid road accidents, the player must draw arrows on road signs, like the “TURN RIGHT” or “ONE WAY”. The more seconds you pass, the closer you are to the destination. When you arrive at the destination, a level is complete."
gyhkk4,I am making a game and need a few ideas,"You will know you have less than 24 hrs to die\nTimer begins... You can fast forward the time\n\nGAME: YOU NEED TO LIVE\nYou need to anticipate how you will die and do something to prevent it\nEx: you think you will die if you go outside, so you sleep on the bed and you die bcz a fan falls on your head.\nSo you play again\nThis time you move your bed position near the window, but unfortunately rioters break the window glass with the stone and glass particles penetrate your face and you die.\nSo you play again \nSo I am planning to implement 50+ death ideas in a game.\nSo if you have any ideas plz help me\n\nNote: If I like any idea, I will give credit to you in the game."
gyfe2f,A Fallout mod for Red Dead Online,"I think the gameplay of Red Dead, with its heavy focus on immersion, would be a good fit for a Fallout experience. FiveM has done things with GTAO that are of a similar scope, like remaking and implementing the map of GTA IV, and other GTAV mods have done things like change the entire core gameplay by putting the player in an Iron Man suit or making them the Hulk.\n\nFallout-esque RPG mechanics wouldn't be hard to add, I think, especially considering GTAV had some rudimentary RPG mechanics in the skills system, and that RDRO already has an EXP system-- every level would give players an opportunity to increase skills, like their horsemanship, skill with rifles, pistols, shotguns, and melee, stamina, health, benefits from eating, etc. Stock the world with similar side quests and copy the RDRO formula, except ideally with more variety. Hunts for legendary mutated animals, bounties on Super Mutants who are difficult to take in alive, areas full of Feral Ghouls to clear out, etc."
gycv1l,Post-Apocalyptic Gun Shop / Bar Basebuilder,"* Aquire military hardware, pharmaceuticals and useful accessoires, buy from and sell to adventurers and raiders.\n\n* Upgrade your bar with facilities like hotel rooms, casino, clinic to provide services. Watch your clients hang out on their best behavior.\n\n* Shop policies! Say yes or no to selling to bandits, use and sale of drugs and dangerous technologies. Might have consequences.\n\n* Adventurers leave to quest, loot, level, lose limbs, mutate, die and form fun adventurer groups."
gyctpy,Requesting ideas for a space rabbit game,"I'd like to get some ideas on how to implement the following story, to create a game with about 10\~30min of gameplay.\n\n\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nJake is an alien rabbit from space with his own galactic game show, where uninformed alien participants such as Sandwiches and Cows, get a chance to win a free trip to Earth, only to find out they get eaten here. \n\nOne day, Jake's spaceship crash-landed on Earth, and he witnessed first hand the atrocities of human abuse on aliens species where they are eaten every day. He wants to free the aliens and teleport them back home, but Earth is currently being locked down by Illuminati and secret societies that want to capture Jake. \n\nTONE: Something that bounces back and forth between serious and not-so-seriousl"
gybmlz,Pop-Up Parkour,"You are a sticker on a pop-up/movable book, and you need to get to the end."
gyb6v4,Urban combat revised,"An idea that’s been floating around in my head for a while is an idea for a Mmorpg that focuses on urban combat in a literal sense. \n\nI’m talking post-apocalypse, nitty gritty Mad Max meets The warriors type of game, with elements of Street Fighter and Sims Urbz mixed in.\n\nYou’d have street gangs, turf wars, the mafia is in there, corruoted cops etch.\n\nLet’s say the game takes place in New York, the concrete jungle, a metropolis and a melting pot of cultures, you’d have different factions to level reputation with, like Chinatown, Harlem, upper manhattan and bigger hubs being the boroughs of the City of New York. \n\nThis is just a loose idea that’s been in my head for some time and I thought I’d see what someone else thinks (I dont know the appropriate flair so @me if you know)"
gy99k5,original platformer ideas?,"So I want to try and program a platformer, but I’m sick of platformers which have like normal scripts. I’m not looking for a graphics idea, more like something in the programming side"
gy6hcu,Breakout/RPG hybrid,so I was thinking about a game like \[Wizorb\]( [https://store.steampowered.com/app/207420/Wizorb/](https://store.steampowered.com/app/207420/Wizorb/) ) so basically you use breakout mechanics to do combat but instead of just hitting breaks you're hitting enemies that have movesets and attacks. Also bosses can appear every few levels. \n\nwould you play this game?
gy58pd,MMORPG but you can become a god,"First of all, I am aware this is not going to be made, its a massive task and I don't think AAA studios come on here for ideas. You're welcome to take mechanics from this suggestion, though!\n\n# Introduction\n\nThe moment you launch this game up, it looks like a normal MMO, inventory system, quest system, all run of the mill stuff. Then, out of nowhere, a lightning bolt strikes some poor sod not 5 meters away from you, this was not luck, a player done this.\n\n# Non-god aspects\n\nDeath would not be *too* punishing, since if you pissed a god of you would just be dying over and over. There would be generic fetch quests, escort quests, the lot. There would also be raids, where players are put up against gods and if they win, they become a god.\n\nThese raids would be 1-5 people, as to not make it too unbalanced for the god or the players. Soloing a raid would be a death sentence, of course. If a player is super early joining a new, untouched server they can seek out the temple and become a god.\n\nThere would be a karma system that effects quest and dialog, an affinity system (Fire, water, earth, etc.), and a leveling system, and a mastery system (All important to become a god).\n\n# God aspects\n\nThere can be only 3 gods at one time, they can all communicate and even fight if they wanted. If a player tries to become a god via temple when there is already 3 gods, an alert will go off and the gods can decide what to do with them.\n\nIf a player finds a temple and enters it, an animation will play, showing that the player is changing. They will then change into a god according to their karma, affinity, and mastery. E.g, a low karma rouge player attuned with earth and a master of stealth would become the god of blight.\n\nThey could call in a disease to debuff players, they could shroud themselves in shadow to become nearly invisible, and call upon the blight, to consume everything nearby and permanently effect the world.\n\nIf a player becomes a god via raid, its basically the same but all members of the party can either vote who should become a god, or fight for the privilege.\n\nI hope you liked my idea! I dreamt of this recently and thought I should write it down before I forget it, again, your welcome to take any mechanics you want.\n\nThanks for reading!"
gy4jgw,Sonic Chaos,A open world Sonic Game with a big adventure and even bigger roster\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n[Sonic Chaos Idea](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e2ObDAompyHJNtIWCU6CRW58BvlPEuTI24S0xbSp6sA/edit?usp=sharing)
gy3ekf,A game where you can play as endangered animals,"I want to play a game where you can play as endangered animals fighting extinction e.g tigers, hornbills."
gxypkz,Realistic Night Terrors,"Recall the last nightmare you had that you woke up in a panic. What do you remember most? The 'bad guy', or the feeling like nothing you do is quite enough to stop it/him, or get away?\n\nThe idea is, rather than a horror game based on the monster, it should be based on your lack of ability in your dreams while trying to fight/escape it.\n\nYou start off in an alley. You need to get back to the street, but that exit's boarded up. You're now traveling through a maze of ever more claustrophobic alleyways with your goal (the nice bright street) just behind the next fence, or boarded up exit. You can just see it, but can never reach it, and the alleys are getting more and more cramped the further you go. At some point, you hear something behind you. A bottle was kicked, but it's too dark to see it on the ground, and there's no one in sight. You press on, and randomly hear sounds behind you; someone stepping on paper, or knocking into a garbage can. You walk faster. Eventually, you hear footsteps a little ways behind you, but you still don't see anyone. You continue to hear footsteps as you go, and eventually hear a garbage can knocked over. You turn, and can plainly see a man standing next to a fallen trash can. He bursts into a sprint. You turn and run, but your camera view jerks back, then points to the sky as you get dragged, by your arms. You use the directional keys to struggle loose, but he stops dragging you, and knocks you unconscious. \n\nThat's level one... Level 2 is waking up in a basement, and has to do with spiders/insects... Each level has a different fear, and ends up in you uselessly fighting back, but ending up in a new location/scenario."
gxym6x,A spiritual successor to Sonic:Unleashed,"Better polish on the gameplay of both types of stages, 2 different characters for the stages, and other details.  (I Will actualy try to make this)"
gxyg3m,"An Avatar: TLA like game, where if you die in an ultimate for you lose the game and start over from the scratch",I was watching Avatar the last airbender and had the idea of a game with a mechanic like the avatar state. \n\nYou can access a really powerful form or transformation and while being very powerful (and sometimes necessary to progress) if you die while active you lose the game and start over \n\nI was thinking if you die normal you could have a reincarnation of sorts. Or just respawn as if you were only injured. But if you drop to 0 hp your save is lost and you’re back to square 1
gxxqff,Mob simulator in a MMORPG-like game,"Hi, I think about concept of ""fake MMORPG"" world where you play as ordinary mob and AI ""players"" are hunting you because of their needs of level-up, so you should try to survive in this world and improve your level to become more dangerous mob and then turn into the main boss for ""players"", what do you think about it?"
gxvx3l,This is my tutorial which I started today,[tutorial- unreal engine](https://youtu.be/GPpWyVoI7ak)
gxv1s9,OG PREDATOR FILM GAME,"Ok this came to me moments ago after seeing a COD: Warzone meme. It was that scene in the original 1987 predator where Billy Duke unleashes a minigun into the jungle then the whole gang comes and deforests the fuck outta the jungle. \n\nNow the concept i realise is similar to evolve but hear me out. What if the game started with 4-8 of yous landing in the jungle. Your objective like the film is find a missing group of soldiers. Upon finding them messed up your objective is find who did it. At which point you annihilate a camp of militia bois. Now on your way to the extraction through the jungle you find yourselves being hunted by an unseen enemy. Your objective  eliminate whatever is hunting you. If you can stay alive and reach the chopper you win the game. If it comes down to the last man you must fight the enemy 1 on 1. Your weapons will be taken away but you'll be given a bow and be given time to set traps and construct makeshift weapons. \n\nThe predator will be a playable role. You start by killing the soldiers in the jungle and find a second group, the other players, coming to investigate. For the first segment of the game you can watch the players from the tree tops. You will follow them to the militia camp and analyse the way in which they play. Following the militia mission you will be allowed to attack. Now to restrict the speed at which you could wipe this team you will be allowed set times to use the laser gun on your shoulder. e.g. you will only be allowed to use 3 shots per player and may only eliminate 50% of players with it. For example if you had 8 players being hunted you would be given 12 shots, 3 shots per player for 4 players. If you miss they are gone but if you hit a player within 3 shots those 3 shots will be used. e.g. you shoot at player 1 twice and kill him the third shot will be used. You shoot at player 2 once and kill him the next two shots will be taken away. You shoot at player 3 and do not kill him with the three shots. You shoot at player 4 and kill him with one shot and the last two shots will be taken. This means you cant just eliminate a whole squad with the gun but like the predator have an advantage and give them a sporting chance. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe players playing soldiers will have for reference a health bar at 100% which can be protected with collectable armour from the militia stage to allow players up to 150% health. The player will regenerate when they reach the 1v1 stage. A laser if it hits the body squarely or head is instant death. If it hits an arm or a leg they will lose the limb and 25% health as well as continuously losing health at 1% a second unless the wound is patched by a medkit. Medkits will only stop health loss but not regen. Each player has 1 medkit and there will be hidden ones in the milita level, players may only carry their original kit and 1 extra. Weapon accuracy will obviously be near non existant with 1 or no arms unless using a pistol, but the players character will be unbalanced and be less likely to see the predator. If the character loses a leg they will be forced to crawl. Obviously losing all limbs is death. Players will likely die before this. If the predator uses a blade or hands the player will die instantly also unless the predator is shot during the process. Similar to assassinations on halo reach the players will have a few seconds to react and save their fellow player, if they shoot the predator during the assassination attempt it will be foiled. Like the laser the damage the predator inflicted the player will lose health at 1% a second unless patched. In terms of weapons the players will be assigned guns of the time, I'd need to research preferred AR but at a guess they were M16's. And each player will have a pistol and a knife. They will be able to find grenades in the militia stage as well as ammunition. One player will be granted the minigun which restricts movement by 25% but is obviously more powerful. The gun may be used by other players if (a) the player using it dies another player may pick up the gun and fire but cannot move with the pack attached to the dead player (b) can take the pack and gun from the dead player but this will take time and leaves the player exposed. The final 1v1 stage will see the player using a bow, javelin/spears, limited grenades and traps such as seen in the film. Players will not have a radar but will have a compass they can use to direct themselves close to the extraction point although it will not be available until the predator is dead. Similar to heartbeat sensors in COD when you pull the compass out you cannot use weapons but may still move. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe predator in comparison will have 300% health. If struck by bullet fire they will suffer 0.5% per bullet. The minigun will inflict 1% per bullet but will be restricted to one player. The predator can patch themselves infinitely and will be allowed 3 25% regens throughout the game. The rest of your armoury will be melee weapons e.g. hands and blades only. You will be allowed active camouflage but it will be lessened with movement and when you take fire from the players. Like the film you will appear outlined. You will also bleed luminous green blood when shot and will be trackable until patched. You can climb any tree and jump from tree to tree and from trees to the ground. You will also play with infrared vision, this will be advantageous and hopefully disadvantageous. You will be able to monitor players much more easily than they can see you, however bullets, grenades and flash bangs will become disorientating. Animals will also act as decoys if players are not careful. The predator will also be able to listen, when in proximity to the players, to their party chat. This will encourage players to be careful with discussing tactics. Predators will also have a heartbeat sensor to locate players but will not be able to use it within 50 metres of players. The final 1v1 stage will see you stripped of your laser, camo, infrared, heartbeat sensor and patching. You will be at 300% health and still have a blade. You will see the world through the red vision of the predator putting you at a disadvantage. You must fight the last player until one of you wins.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf the predator loses the player has 30 seconds to reach minimum safe distance before a nuke goes off. If the player wins their team is rewarded with xp appropriate to the position in which they were killed. e.g. 10xp for being first killed, 20xp for second killed, 30xp.\n\nThe last player(s) standing will be rewarded 100xp. it is possible to avoid the 1v1 stage if at least two people survive by killing the predator. At which point double xp is awarded  to the team. The predator will receive 10xp for any player they eliminated.\n\nIf the predator wins it will receive 20xp for ever player killed."
gxu6s7,Does attack rate for enemies sound stupid in turn-based games?,"I know. Prototype. But before I do that I wanted to know if another game does it or if it even sounds reasonable.\n\nWe know that in a turn-based game I make a move, my turns ends, and now all enemies take their turn.\n\nWhat if enemies in order to make an attack, are limited not only by the turn but also by their attack rate?\n\nI mean, I am next to an enemy, I attack him. Turn switches immediately to the enemy, who attacks back. In that moment, a cooldown starts for the enemy (represented visually by a circular a-la BOTW stamina indicator) which indicates how much time for the enemy to be able to attack again, regardless of the turn.\n\nSo knowing that, in my turn I might be encouraged to make my move fast to attack him, knowing that in his turn he might not be able to attack back since he'll still be in cooldown, so he'll rather have to move or just pass, and I might be able to attack him again."
gxrdzj,idea for a game about the current protests, \n\nso this game idea i am thinking about is about the brutality within the justice system with the narrative going on from the perspective of a hard working black man. so yeah post your thoughts in the comments.
gxke1x,A racetrack manager simulator,"We already have a ton of management simulators for different entities, including the Motorsport Manager franchise. However, no one apparently has thought about setting up a management game involving racetracks, so I have thought up of how one would work. The main target of the career mode is to make your racetrack one for the history books, hosting the most prestigious events in the world, such as Grand Prix, 24 Hours of (insert name here), and the (brand name) 500/600.\n\nTo start off your career as a racetrack, you would have to design a racetrack with a set of stretches and corners, with an in-game mechanic showing what this track's main focuses are, including required skill level. Your track will also have a location type, which includes: street, terrarial road, flat road, and oval.\n\nAt the true start of your career (the construction of the racetrack), the quality of the racetrack will be quite shoddy, and would only host the smaller, lower-tier series. Your finances will start off at a fixed level, with the audience tickets providing your profits. If you want to gain more profits and prestige, you would need to upgrade your facilities (pit lane, grandstands, media zones road surfaces), which cost more to upkeep, thus needing higher ticket prices.\n\nThe upside of these upgrades is that you will be able to host higher prestige events on your soil, helping you to justify higher ticket prices and getting more spectators. You must avoid upgrading too quickly or only one specific area, as it will not give any operational profits in the long term, forcing you into bankruptcy.\n\nThe spectators can fluctuate in value and enthusiasm, which will depend on your average excitement level of your races, and whether the country you placed the track at has a popular home driver and/or team, which will be more likely if there is a high prestige series hosting one of its events on your track.\n\nOver time, your track will need repairs, which cost you some of your operating profits. If you have a specially high amount of money lying around, you can use this time to install upgrades to your facilities, giving you a chance to have the highest level of prestige, letting you levy the highest ticket prices possible, especially if your track is high-skill and high-excitement.\n\nThe prime point of your career is that you host at least one of the highest prestige series' events, such as a Formula 1 Grand Prix, an event in the World Endurance Championship, the Indycar Series, and the NASCAR Cup Series. Your name will be recorded into the history books as the creator of one of the most highly regarded racetracks in motorsport history, with a home fanfare like no other in the world."
gxk54s,Zombie game like in the ads,Is it possible to make a game like the ones featured in the ads of games like last shelter survival?
gmalke,'Disney's Motorama' - in-game soundtrack idea,"**Motorama Pulse**: Hosted by Amy Simpson, hear the coolest pop, disco, indie, electronica and synthpop tunes to help give you that relaxing moment on your cruise.\n\n1. The Weeknd - Blinding Lights\n2. Capital Cities - Safe &amp; Sound\n3. Regard - Ride It\n4. Justin Bieber &amp; BloodPop - Friends (feat. Julia Michaels) (Remix)\n5. Billie Eilish - COPYCAT (Sofi Tukker Remix)\n6. Dominic Fike - 3 Nights\n7. Georgia - About Work The Dancefloor\n8. TCS (The Chainsmokers) - Side Effects (feat. Emily Warren)\n9. PUBLIC - One That I Want\n10. Empire Of The Sun - Chrysalis\n11. Alice Merton - No Roots\n12. Lady Gaga - Stupid Love\n13. Foster The People - Sit Next To Me\n14. CHVRCHES - Get Out\n15. CHVRCHES - Miracle\n16. Lighthouse Family - My Salvation\n17. Echosmith - Cool Kids (RAC Mix)\n18. Cut Copy - Standing In The Middle (Tensnake Remix)\n19. Robyn - Missing U\n20. Twenty One Pilots - My Blood\n21. The 1975 - TOOTIMETOOTIMETOOTIME\n22. Snakehips - Summer Fade (feat. Anna of the North)\n23. Jungle - Time\n24. lovelytheband - broken\n25. Yuksek - The Rollercoaster\n26. DJ Koze - Pick Up\n27. Le Youth - Dance With Me (feat. Dominique Young Unique) \[Extended Mix\]\n28. Elton John vs. Pnau - Good Morning To The Night\n29. Two Friends - Bandaid\n30. Jacob Collier, Metropole Orkest &amp; Jules Buckley - With The Love In My Heart\n\n**Motorama Bass Arena**: Hosted by Scott Tyler, race your friends to the finish line whilst hearing the most awesome house, electro and dubstep bangers!\n\n1. SAINt JHN - Roses (Imanbek Remix)\n2. RL Grime - I Wanna Know (feat. Daya)\n3. Calvin Harris - Outside (feat. Ellie Goulding) \[Hardwell Remix\]\n4. Lil Nas X - Old Town Road (feat. Billy Ray Cyrus) \[Diplo Remix\]\n5. offaiah - Trouble (Club Mix)\n6. Bassnectar - Dive (feat. RD)\n7. Nero - Innocence (Feed Me Remix)\n8. FISHER - Losing It\n9. CamelPhat &amp; Jem Cooke - Rabbit Hole\n10. Shawn Mendes - If I Can't Have You (Gryffin Remix)\n11. DJ Snake - Frequency 75\n12. Dog Blood - TURN OFF THE LIGHTS\n13. Rae Sremmurd - Black Beatles (Madsonik Remix)\n14. Afrojack - All Night (feat. Ally Brooke) \[Extended Mix\]\n15. Tinie Tempah - Trampoline (feat. 2 Chainz) \[MONSTA Remix\]\n16. Marshmello - Alone\n17. Marshmello - Rooftops\n18. Foreign Beggars - Still Getting It (feat. Skrillex)\n19. Zedd - Addicted To A Memory (feat. Bahari)\n20. deadmau5 - COASTED\n21. Alan Walker - Faded (Tiësto's Deep House Remix)\n22. Zeds Dead x Jauz - Shake\n23. Pryda - Warrior\n24. Alesso - Heroes (we could be) (feat. Tove Lo) \[Hard Rock Sofa &amp; Skidka Remix\]\n25. NOTD &amp; Felix Jaehn - So Close (feat. Captain Cuts &amp; Georgia Ku)\n26. Soundprank - Obsidian (Original Mix)\n27. The Chemical Brothers - Got To Keep On (Riton Remix)\n28. Sofi Tukker - Swing\n29. Skrillex &amp; Alvin Risk - Try It Out (Neon Mix)\n30. Wolfgang Gartner - Wolfgang's 5th Symphony\n\n**Motorama Block Party**: Hosted by DJ Spin, hear the greatest hip-hop, rap and R&amp;B music to help you find your hippy-hippy-hoppy-hoppy groove.\n\n1. Dave &amp; Fredo - Funky Friday\n2. Tyga - Taste (feat. Offset)\n3. 50 Cent - In Da Club\n4. Sky Katz - Fall Back\n5. NF - Lie\n6. NF - The Search\n7. Logic - One Day (feat. Ryan Tedder)\n8. Griminal - Supa Dupa\n9. Skepta - Rescue Me\n10. P Money - Road Rage 2\n11. Dizzee Rascal - Fix Up, Look Sharp\n12. Ying Yang Twins - Whistle While You Twurk\n13. Wiley - Wot Do U Call It?\n14. Chiddy Bang - Ray Charles\n15. Ludacris - Come And See Me (feat. Big K.R.I.T.)\n16. Huey - Pop, Lock &amp; Drop It\n17. LL Cool J - Control Myself (feat. Jennifer Lopez)\n18. Wiz Khalifa - Clouds In The Air (feat. K CAMP)\n19. Missy Elliot - Get Ur Freak On\n20. Stay Flee Get Lizzy, Fredo, Young T &amp; Bugsey - Ay Caramba\n21. 116 &amp; Lecrae - California Dreamin (feat. John Givez)\n22. The Party Boyz - Flex\n23. Lil Jon &amp; The East Side Boyz - Get Low (feat. Ying Yang Twins)\n24. Kendrick Lamar - HUMBLE.\n25. T.I. - 24's\n26. Vince Staples - FUN!\n27. Wretch 32 - In Da Ghetto (feat. Badness &amp; Ghetto)\n28. Jeezy - 3 A.M. (feat. Timbaland)\n29. Jay-Z - Change Clothes\n30. Stormzy - Vossi Bop\n\n**Motorama XS**: Hosted by Phoenix Fox, rock on with the most amazing metal, alternative, rock and punk tunes to help you race and battle your way to victory!\n\n1. Rascal Flatts - Life Is A Highway\n2. Royal Blood - Lights Out\n3. Queens Of The Stone Age - Everybody Knows That You're Insane\n4. Bowling For Soup - Girl All The Bad Guys Want\n5. Waterparks - Dream Boy\n6. Hot Milk - Take Your Jacket\n7. Angels &amp; Airwaves - Rebel Girl\n8. Breaking Benjamin - Blow Me Away\n9. You Me At Six - Straight To My Head\n10. Marilyn Manson - Deep Six\n11. Jonas Brothers - One Man Show\n12. The Killers - Caution\n13. Green Day - Oh Yeah!\n14. Foo Fighters - Run\n15. Squid - Match Bet\n16. Paramore - Fast In My Car\n17. Weezer - Hero\n18. Kid Kapichi - Glitterati\n19. LIFE - Bum Hour\n20. Sam Fender - Hypersonic Missiles\n21. The Last Shadow Puppets - Bad Habits\n22. Linkin Park - In The End\n23. blink-182 - Los Angeles\n24. Arctic Monkeys - Perhaps Vampires Is A Bit Strong But...\n25. 5 Seconds Of Summer - Jet Black Heart\n26. The Joy Formidable - Whirring\n27. Thirty Seconds To Mars - Closer To The Edge\n28. Bring Me The Horizon - Sleepwalking\n29. Fall Out Boy - Calm Before The Storm\n30. Yellowcard - Ocean Avenue\n\n**Hospital Records Radio**: Hosted by Chris Goss and Tony Colman, the founders of Hospital Records, race at hyper speeds with the very best of drum n bass!\n\n1. Metrik - We Are The Energy\n2. Metrik - Hackers\n3. Danny Byrd - Hold Up The Crown (feat. Ky Lenz)\n4. Camo &amp; Krooked - Breezeblock\n5. Fred V - Really Happy Aliens\n6. Reso - Devastator\n7. Keeno - Lost In The Clouds\n8. Keeno - I Wonder (feat. Ellie Madison)\n9. S.P.Y - Mr. Nobody\n10. S.P.Y - Black Flag (VIP)\n11. Polaris - Blue Sky Thinking\n12. Ownglow - Glo-Mello-Flow\n13. Fred V &amp; Grafix - Forest Fires (feat. Etherwood)\n14. Fred V &amp; Grafix - Major Happy\n15. Logistics - West Country\n16. Makoto - The Points\n17. High Contrast - The First Note Is Silent (feat. Tiësto &amp; Underworld)\n18. King Of The Rollers - Get Set Go\n19. Flava D - Mesmerise\n20. Grafix - Blue Dreams\n21. London Elektricity - Never Trust A Hippy\n22. London Elektricity - Remember The Future (Mitekiss Remix)\n23. Etherwood - American Fruity\n24. Hugh Hardie - Raindrops (feat. Cimone)\n25. Nu:Tone - Upgrade\n26. Urbandawn - Together Again (I Prey)\n27. Maduk - Believe (Logistics Remix)\n28. Royalston &amp; Pearse-Hawkins - Voodoo Love Dance\n29. Netsky - I See The Future In Your Eyes\n30. Whiney - Breadcrumbs (feat. BOP)\n\n**Retro 80s Radio**: Hear the most memorable tunes from the 80s decade, featuring Queen, Aerosmith, Grandmaster Flash and more!\n\n1. Queen - Hammer To Fall\n2. Bon Jovi - You Give Love A Bad Name\n3. Aerosmith - Love In An Elevator\n4. AC/DC - Shoot To Thrill\n5. Judas Priest - Living After Midnight\n6. Billy Idol - Rebel Yell\n7. Skid Row - 18 And Life\n8. Europe - The Final Countdown\n9. Kenny Rogers - Danger Zone\n10. Twisted Sister - We're Not Gonna Take It\n11. KISS - Detroit Rock City\n12. Whitesnake - Still Of The Night\n13. Scorpions - Rock You Like A Hurricane\n14. Night Ranger - Don't Tell Me You Love Me\n15. ZZ Top - Legs\n16. Grandmaster Flash &amp; Melle Mel - White Lines (Don't Do It)\n17. Young MC - Know How\n18. Stetsasonic - Talkin' All That Jazz\n19. Rob Base &amp; DJ EZ Rock - It Takes Two\n20. The Human League - Love Action (I Believe In Love)\n21. The Clash - Should I Stay Or Should I Go\n22. MC Miker G &amp; DJ Sven - Holiday Rap\n23. The Stone Roses - Fool's Gold\n24. Westworld - Sonic Boom Boy\n25. Eric B. &amp; Rakim - Paid In Full\n26. Bomb The Bass - Megablast (Hip Hop On Precinct 13)\n27. Humanoid - Stakker Humanoid\n28. Farley ""Jackmaster"" Funk &amp; Jesse Saunders - Love Can't Turn Around (feat. Darryl Pandy)\n29. Marshall Jefferson - Move Your Body (The House Music Anthem)\n30. Paul Hardcastle - Just For Money\n\n**Retro 90s Radio**: Hear the greatest ever hits from the 90s decade, featuring Smash Mouth, Metallica, Underworld and many more!\n\n1. Smash Mouth - All Star\n2. Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit\n3. Reel Big Fish - Sell Out\n4. Metallica - Enter Sandman\n5. Oasis - Rock 'n' Roll Star\n6. The Offspring - Self Esteem\n7. The Smashing Pumpkins - 1979\n8. Red Hot Chilli Peppers - Give It Away\n9. Soundgarden - Spoonman\n10. Filter &amp; The Crystal Method - (Can't You) Trip Like I Do\n11. Primus - Jerry Was A Race Car Driver\n12. Stone Temple Pilots - Wicked Garden\n13. Everclear - Santa Monica\n14. R.E.M. - What's The Frequency, Kenneth?\n15. The Lemonheads - Mrs. Robinson\n16. Goldfinger - Disorder\n17. Depeche Mode - Enjoy The Silence\n18. Sash! - Mysterious Times (feat. Tina Cousins) \[Original Mix\]\n19. Blur - Girls And Boys (Pet Shop Boys Remix)\n20. LFO - LFO (Leeds Warehouse Mix)\n21. Underworld - Pearl's Girl\n22. Apollo 440 - Stop The Rock\n23. A Tribe Called Quest - Can I Kick It?\n24. DJ Jazzy Jeff &amp; The Fresh Prince - The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air\n25. Citizen King - Under The Influence\n26. Pete Heller's Big Love - Big Love\n27. BT - Nectar\n28. MC Hammer - 2 Legit 2 Quit (feat. Saja)\n29. Paul van Dyk - For An Angel (PvD E-Werk Club Mix)\n30. Darude - Sandstorm (Original Mix)\n\n**Avicii Arrow Radio**: In loving memory of Tim Bergling, tune into this station to hear the very best music by the famous DJ himself.\n\n1. Avicii - Wake Me Up (Avicii Speed Remix)\n2. Avicii - Hey Brother\n3. Avicii - You Make Me\n4. Avicii - Levels (Original Version)\n5. Avicii - Waiting For Love\n6. Avicii - The Nights (Avicii By Avicii)\n7. Avicii - Lonely Together (feat. Rita Ora)\n8. Avicii - Heaven\n9. Avicii - Dear Boy\n10. Avicii - Lay Me Down\n11. Avicii - Fade Into Darkness (Vocal Extended)\n12. Avicii - Without You (feat. Sandro Cavazza)\n13. Avicii - For A Better Day\n14. Avicii - Tough Love (feat. Agnes, Vargas &amp; Lagola)\n15. Avicii - Broken Arrows (M-22 Remix)\n16. Avicii - Liar Liar (Avicii By Avicii)\n17. Avicii - Pure Grinding\n18. Avicii - Gonna Love Ya\n19. Avicii - Talk To Myself\n20. Avicii - Sunset Jesus\n21. Avicii - True Believer\n22. Avicii - Friend Of Mine (feat. Vargas &amp; Lagola)\n23. Avicii - You Be Love (feat. Billy Raffoul)\n24. Avicii - X You (Original Version)\n25. Avicii - Heart Upon My Sleeve\n26. Avicii vs. Nicky Romero - I Could Be The One\n27. David Guetta &amp; Avicii - Sunshine\n28. Armin van Buuren - Drowning (feat. Laura V) \[Avicii Remix\]\n29. Nadia Ali - Rapture (Avicii New Generation Extended Mix)\n30. Kygo x Avicii x Sandro Cavazza - Forever Yours (Avicii Tribute)\n\n**Timeless FM**: Hosted by Dan Thompson, hear the most unforgettable classical music and musical scores if you want to remake an iconic moment in history.\n\n1. Martin O'Donnell &amp; Michael Salvatori - Truth And Reconciliation Suite\n2. Martin O'Donnell &amp; Michael Salvatori - The Package\n3. John Williams &amp; London Symphony Orchestra - The Imperial March (Darth Vadar's Theme)\n4. John Williams &amp; London Symphony Orchestra - The Last Battle\n5. Alan Silvestri - Get This Thing Started\n6. Michael Giacchino - Consider Yourselves Undermined!\n7. Michael Giacchino - Saving Metroville\n8. Henry Jackman - Big Hero 6\n9. Juno Reactor - Mona Lisa Overdrive\n10. Randy Newman - Operation Pull Toy\n11. Randy Newman - Smokey Starts Training / A Blaze of Glory\n12. Patrick Doyle - We've Both Changed\n13. Tyler Bates - The Kyln Escape\n14. James Newton Howard - Maleficent Is Captured\n15. Mark Mothersbaugh - Ragnarok Suite\n16. Kazuma Jinnouchi - Osiris Suite, Act 4\n17. Hans Zimmer - The Kraken\n18. Richard Wagner - Ride of the Valkyries\n19. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart - Eine kleine Nachtmusik (Allegro)\n20. Antonio Vivaldi - The Four Seasons: Winter, 1st Movement\n21. Franz Liszt - Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2\n22. Modest Petrovich Mussorgsky - A Night on the Bare Mountain\n23. Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky - The Nutcracker Suite: VIII\n24. Antonín Dvořák - Symphony No. 9: From the New World, 4th Movement\n25. Ludwig van Beethoven - Symphony No. 5 in C minor, Allegro presto\n26. Johann Strauss II - The Beautiful Blue Danube, Op. 314\n27. Giuseppe Verdi - Messa Da Requiem: Dies irae\n28. Gioachino Antonia Rossini - Overture: The Barber of Seville\n29. Leo Delibes - The Flower Duet (Lakme)\n30. Gustav Holst - Jupiter - Bringer of The Jollity\n\n**Spotify Radio**: Listen to your own playlists in-game! There is a catch to this however - you need to have a **Spotify Premium** account in order for this to work.\n\nFeedback is always appreciated!"
gm8wan,Your skill tree choices impact both positively and negatively the gameplay,"A game where you have a skill tree and each node you take gives you bonus and malus. Like you become stronger but you can't see enemies life bar anymore.\n\nThe idea is related to a game idea I have where it's basically a zombie game except it's not full of zombies, but of mad people. Most of them try to kill you through different means, some of them are just acting really creepy and some of them are downright crazy but aren't hostile.\n\nAnd as you go through the game, you contract the disease and have to use special medicine throughout the game. Except most stash of medecine have been polluted or altered in some way and taking medecine helps you to keep it together and not go crazy, but also have bad side effects.\n\nAs the game goes, you have to choose between making the game more challenging by not taking anything, thus not improving the skill tree, or taking things, getting new skills, but slowly becoming crazy (which would be reflected in the game by gameplay impact : perception is altered, you don't see enemies life bar anymore, you get hallucination, making enemies spawn around you, but they never drop anything because they're not real etc...)\n\nYou level of crazyness would also impact the story of the game (for exemple, if you get too crazy and there's a part of the game where you're about to make a powerful ally, you just snap and kill him)"
gm7odu,Prison Tech - Item Creation Game,"You are in prison for a long stretch. You have been tapped as the prison mechanic. The one who people come to when they are looking for contraband to be made.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe entirety of the game happens in your cell. You are given an order, or orders from a trustee (prisoner who has more freedom) every morning. Each order has a deadline. If you succeed you get some prison money (real money, smokes, or anything of tradeable value (possibly more parts)). If you fail you get a strike, three strikes and you are out (Game Over, use your imagination about how that occurs).\n\nEvery item in your cell is interactable, you have to think of creative ways to accommodate your orders (there should be multiple ways designed to succeed to allow for some creativity). \n\nYou can trade with nearby cellmates if you can figure out a clever way of doing it without notice.\n\nYou can also place orders yourself with the trustee. They will take your orders to a scavenger prisoner whos job it is to get hard to come by resources, for a price of course.\n\nFirst idea post, hope it is enjoyed. \n\nBonus (youtube videos for inspiration):\n\nweapons -\n\n [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PM0l\_u-N0Wo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PM0l_u-N0Wo) \n\nmisc -\n\n [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhB8xDvGcns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhB8xDvGcns)"
gm3rm3,Sandbox life sim wit a catch,"The game is pretty much a Gta like life simulator, the games allows you to do what ever you like[,including mass genocide If you want]but random events happen ingame,for example a tornado happens in town and destroyed half the town,there will be news and other outlets ingame letting you know if something could happen,last thing is a list of events that could happen \n\nTornado \n\nNukes\n\nZombie outbreak \n\nFlood \n\nMass shooter\n\nAlien attack\n\nStuff like that,what do you think about my idea"
gm1xnx,A FPS Horror Type Game,"I had this idea for a game that could really be a good idea. Also just to note on this was kinda inspired by the GMod Mod ‘The Hidden’.\n\nSo basically, Players are dressed up as Combine soldiers, where they have to fight and survive against one player who is the ""Main Boss"" of the game; a semi-transparent creature who's main goal is to kill all of the Combine soldiers.\n\nThe Boss could have different abilities but you have to grind to get them. One of them can be Invisibility where the boss can go invisible for a certain period of time. Also you could upgrade these abilities to make them longer.\n\nThe Combine Soldiers, could customise their look with cosmetics (which were obviously inspired by Team Fotress 2). They can also customise their load-outs with different sorts of weapons such as Revolvers, Shotguns, Sniper Rifles, etc.\n\nThere can also be different maps in the game, maybe 1 map in each update to make the players carry on playing and trying out the new maps and abilities all the time.\n\nAlthough I am not a game developer, I think this is a good game idea and can have more added, please let me know!"
glunh8,An organic VR online game that has rules similar to real life. (Free use but I'm learning how to program to make it.),"So, I was sitting in bed, and thought ""What if there was an online game like real life?"" Well, r/outside is all about that. \n\nYou might say ""Waaaaaay too unrealistic, do you know how much you'd have to make for this?!?!?""\n\nActually, there's not a lot of work that has to be put in, well, that's a lie, but it's reasonable.\n\nBasically one of the main concepts of the game is that players are excepted to build the world, as we did.\n\nThe world is made of a lot of materials, most locked by having to create them.\n\nThe entire world is limited, as in, almost nothing is infinitely renewable.\n\nThe world is randomly generated ***once*** throughout the entire game, unless the dev decides to meteor strike it or something.\n\nThe world is a globe, so if you reach one side, you'll reach the other.\n\nAnything in physics exists as a feature.\n\nLight waves? Yup.\n\nElements? Yup.\n\nGravity? Yup.\n\nVehicular Manslaughter? Yup.\n\nOnce all that is added, the world be a canvas for players to create.\n\nIn the end, I think it's possible, maybe not, idk. But this is my dream game."
glu4jk,A MMORPG with geopolitical elements,"The ideia is that your guilds can actually hold lands in the world map. This fact probably would turn the game into a entirely geopolitical-based game, with a pretty good history(As everything that got geopolitics become good).\n\nLike, online games with geopolitical elements always have a good comminity,even if the game is reaaaaaally bad.So i think this could work!"
gln2dx,an idea for a set of difficulty options.,"so this is an idea for a set of difficulty options and descriptions for them, so lets go into this.\n\nassist:I'm a player that is disabled, too old, too young, or otherwise impaired to play well. i wanna experience the story but i need an accesable way to play the game\n\ncalm:I'm a inexperienced player or don't have much time to invest into this game, but i do want to experience the story and dive into the world of (insert game here).\n\nstandard:I'm a competent player and not afraid of the challenges the game has to offer. i want to play the game the way it was originally intended.\n\nrough:I'm looking for a big challenge. i'm already experienced in this game or similar ones and i would be too bored by standard challenges.\n\nrage inducing:For people who thought rough was calm. incredibly unfair.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nand these are my ideas for descriptions of difficulty options. what do you think?"
glm5kn,Mechanic idea for duel (or other situations) based on Shifumi,"Hi,\n\nI guess you know the Shifumi game: Rock beats the scissors that beat the paper that beats the rock.\n\nNow imagine a duel with swords: first player chooses his attack between R S or P. The other duelist has a limited time to push right button to defend and then it is its turn to attack. The first one has to answer to what the other did and it gets faster and faster or the time you have to push right button is the time the other one took to do his defense + attack.\n\nYou can also choose to push same type than the attack: for example make a R defense when the other made a R attack. The blades collide, the limited time is reinitialised and the R S P are randomly moved on other buttons.\n\nAnother thing could be some characters would have 2 attacks and in the same way you have to do two defenses"
glm471,"A pirate-themed game where you develop game ideas, form a crew and aim to be the most coveted inventor on the high seas","So basically if this subreddit was a little cooler.\n\nYou share a game idea and you collect upvotes and build your reputation through your inventiveness and collaboration on other ideas. You level up from a scurvy dog to, eventually, a captain. \n\nYou join teams and brainstorm, adding things to an idea board with fun pixel-art images and gifs. You collect funding for your project through currency exchanges-- gold is valuable and allows for more creative freedom, part of every currency exchange goes to the highest-voted projects.\n\nDon't have an original game idea? Use the genre/element generator and make one from it. Get bonus points for doing so\n\nThoughts?"
gljq9i,An MMO political game,"Okay, so this was basically a shower thought that ran away from me. \n\nBasically, you start out as a low-level intern in the government of a country/faction. You can decide your own faction based on a specific agenda or ideology i.e. capitalism, communism, democracy, autocracy, etc. You work for higher-ups, which are all other actual players. Your mission is to work, lie, and cheat your way to the top.\n\nThe positions in the government basically work like a leaderboard; the highest-scoring player is the head honcho, while the lowest-tier players are basically grunts. Being a grunt gives you the highest level of movement and versatility, but you are highly vulnerable to any other player who's higher on the career ladder than you. Either you do as they say, or they can penalize you.\n\nMoving up in the government gives you much more power, but you also have to rely on those below you more and more. You can't keep your boots on the ground, so to speak. The grunts are your eyes and ears, and they can most definitely betray you if it's in their favor. You fight off other players who try to maneuver around you, you build up your web of agents and spies, and finally you make it up to the top, where you have to run your faction in such a way that it is dominant over the other factions, all of which are run by similar player-based ecosystems.\n\nObviously, this a very barebones idea, but I'd love to hear your thoughts on this."
glhn28,"""Last one left""",This is the theme for this week's Weekly Game Jam.\n\nAny idea to suggest with that theme?\n\nMy mind is completely blank.
glgvhy,I'm looking for game ideas related with insects/bugs.,"I've been trying to think about a game idea that involves insects,.\n\nI tried to get some inspiration using a ps1 game called spider game, maybe I will create a run and gun 2.5d style(metal slug but using 3d models, kind like that).\n\n [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IFTcPw\_mB0&amp;t=4609s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IFTcPw_mB0&amp;t=4609s)   = Spider game ps1.\n\nI don't want be original, but the real problem that I'm facing is create a good history, a good development, please I'd like your help.\n\nThanks."
gle233,A single player or coop ability shooter,"Think Apex Legends, Overwatch, or Valorant. You have champions/agents/heroes with abilities, and a set of guns.\n\nThere are several missions to complete, and you can pick a hero of choice for each mission. Depending on the hero you choose, you can take a stealthy approach, or a more guns blazing approach. If the game supports coop, you can for example have one stealthy character sneaking in while another fights the guards."
gldgum,Open world game mechanic idea,Open world game. Each region of people speak different language so you have to interpret to do missions.
glctoc,FPS,"Okay, so, this game is an FPS realistic army style game. My idea is you have 1 life in the game, and that is it. Now, i kniw what you're thinking, who would play this, but since its an army style game i had an idea of a long training mission (like 200 to 300 hours of gameplay before you can actually play) which could start off easy, movement, fitness training style stuff, running around, jumping, obstacle courses. Then comes the part with the guns. The weapon training starts simple, shooting a target then maybe it goes a bit further later on with the player going into these makeshift buildings going against AI but its with paintball guns instead of real guns, or guns firing blanks etc. After all of this training you go through, you get put on the real missions of the game, which is sort of like your deployment. Lets say there could be 10-30 missions in the game, possibly about 2 hrs per mission. Maybe you could be put with a team of between 5 and 10 real world people, and you stick with them throughout the mission, and when they die, they as good as die, yes maybe its morbid but it would be a good, possibly fun to a pretty small niche, and realistic. Once you die the game doesn't corrupt itself or anything like that, lets just say you have to go through an additional 20 hours of training before you can try again. Take bits and bobs out of this, i don't need any credit, i just dont have the developer skills to create it myself, and so one day i might find it on the shelves at game or cex😂"
glby3b,"A Pokémon game where you play as the Pokémon, but the combat is more akin to an Action RPG.","Obviously there is the Mystery Dungeon series, where you play as the Pokemon. I want a game similar to that, but with different combat. \n\nI want the combat to be similar to Final Fantasy XV or Final Fantasy VII Remake. It would be amazing to see a character like Pikachu use flashy and over the top moves, similar to Noctis or Cloud in their respective games (Pikachu could even move extremely fast, leaving a streak of lightning, to seemingly teleport, similar to Noctis' own warp ability).\n\nOf course, their wouldn't be as many playable Pokemon as there are in the Mystery Dungeon series. It would take a long time to develop many different fighting styles for so many characters, so it would likely have to be nailed down to about 3 or 4 characters (basing this completely on Final Fantasy VII Remake combat, with Cloud, Barret, Aerith, and Tifa being the playable characters in there). I'm not sure exactly which Pokemon would be playable, as their are so many, but it would be great if the roster had Pokemone from different generations. So obviously Pikachu would be the Gen 1 representation, but I do not know who could represent the rest. And I would rather not all of them be starter Pokemon. It would probably be good to have the 4 Pokemon be a certain type of fighter (i.e. Close Range, Long Range, Support, and Tank)."
glam6y,A game where you have time until a creature attacks,"This may be a bit long, but I feel that this is a good idea. I have always wanted there to be a game with a massive open world with many resources. The world is post-apocalyptic, and that is because there are horrific creatures that live in the area. There would be multiple maps to choose from, each with their own variants of these creatures. \n\n  This is where the game is different from most: instead of a bunch of weaker, smaller enemies, there is a powerful, terrifying creature that comes searching for you. This is where the massive world plays in. A notification would appear at the top of the screen saying “It knows where you are. You must prepare.” That creature (a random one from a list) will spawn in a far enough distance to where it will take a few hours to reach the player. This creature will have its own special abilities and has a lot of health. The player will have until it reaches them to create a base and collect weapons to fight it off with. \n\n  Defeating a creature will activate a death cutscene. The player will see a screen that shows their score and what new items, possibly campaigns, and creatures they unlocked. \n\n  There could also be multiplayer and maybe even a mode where the creature is repeatedly replaced once it dies until there is only one person left, who is crowned the winner. \n\n  I just feel like this is a cool game idea and seems to be original as I haven’t seen any other game like it."
glake0,Those crappy reddit game ads,Someone should take those shitty game ads that come up on reddit (the actual game is probably nothing like the ad) and make an actual game
gla8ns,A Bloodborne-esque roguelike in which you play as a mutant who can steal the abilities and body parts of enemies.,"A third person hack'n'slash with combat in a similar style to Bloodborne.\n\nYou spawn in as a stitched-together Frankenstein of normal human body parts. In the earliest stages of the game, you will have few opportunities to steal valuable abilities, so you will have to scavenge for weapons. These weapons can be used in conjunction with stolen moves, so it is sometimes worth it to hold onto them even when you no longer need them. Late in the game, special weapons, more powerful weapons will spawn. Certain body parts will work better with certain weapons.   \nSmall enemies will serve to level up basic abilities, like health regeneration, movement speed, attack damage. Mid-level enemies will allow you to steal secondary abilities-- these can range from movement abilities to magical AOE attacks to buffs or enemy nerfs. They are not part of your core moveset, and you can only have a limited amount equipped at a time.   \nLarge enemies are your target, and they get more common and varied the later you go into the game. When you kill a large enemy, you can steal certain body parts from them, ranging from an ogre's oversized and muscular arm to a satyr's faster digitigrade legs, fly eyes which allow you to see new things, glands which allow you to spit acid or breathe fire, wings which enhance your jumps and dodges, tails which offer new, typically very fast moves, and a lot more. Your original stitched-together human parts are discarded in favor of severed monster parts. The creatures mentioned are just examples, by the way-- they don't necessarily represent the sort of creature design of the game.   \nAs you play the game, you'll discover new creatures who will give you abilities you need to progress, such as to break walls, double jump, climb, and so forth. These creatures will usually be discovered over the course of several runs-- I.E. an enemy you have not seen before has a certain random chance to spawn in your seed, but once you see it the first time, that chance goes up, because you've 'discovered' it. Runs can be played as endless waves, like in Risk of Rain 2, or players can progress through bosses, like in The Binding of Isaac. Each have their own advantages, both within the context of the run and for progression. Players can grind as long as they like, but certain bosses which open the doors to new floors/areas are only available for a limited time, meaning if you want to progress to the next floor/area, you have a limited amount of time to grind and collect the abilities you want."
gl9y1a,The ultimate game idea that revolves completely on player and NPC professions,"For the past couple of days I have been reading the the book “Jane Eyre” and it has inspired me to think up this game idea, where if I wasn’t already dedicated to a different area of programming, I would have gladly tried to create this myself. Anyways, in this book the main character Jane Eyre is in England in the 1800s. At one point in the book, she seeks to better her condition, so she becomes the governess of “Thornfield Hall” - which to my understanding is some sort of hamlet/estate sort of thing?? The thing that inspired this game idea for me was the governess idea and the various professions there are - but before I get to that - let me outline every part of this game.\n\nMap: A huge map similar in make up to the world of Middle Earth, but there should be a lot of variety. Spooky forests with leave-less trees but also luscious and green forests too! Vast deserts for Arabian styled towns, and also dense jungles that one can explore. I think you get the drift. \n\nStructures: Each biome should have 10-20 different and unique structures. Maybe in that spooky forest biome there can be a witches lair, a dragons pit, a hamlet of cultists, etc. \n\nBosses: Each type of area in the map should have tons of bosses with ranges in difficulty. Maybe the jungle area could have a giant tarantula boss, a giant bat boss, a boss battle against an army of savage cannibals, and so on.\n\nGroupings of players/NPCs (Towns) : There should be multiple classes of towns. These should be: small village, hamlet, small sized city, medium sized city, large sized city, a kingdom, then an empire.\n\nNPCs: NPCs in this game would be very dynamic and could do things like form a bandit group, declare towns of their owns, build armies, wage war, have a certain style of government, build a mages society, etc.\n\nRPG elements: You can fit so much creativity in a game, so I think there’s no excuse to never not have magic in a game like this. There should be multiple classes of magic that are different from the classic ones in bland MMORPG games.\n\nClasses of magic: The normal ones such as fire, ice, wind, etc. but then there should also be a lot of unique ones such as metal - where you can make metal shafts maybe come up from the ground and pierce your enemies. What about a poison style magic where you can inflect massive damage on your enemies with poison? Maybe even glass magic, where you have spells that can summon shards of glass to attack your enemies with.\n\nOther combat classes: Typical MMORPG classes such as paladin, rogue, assassin, etc. to be honest... not a lot of room for creativity here\n\nPlayer professions: OKAY. So here is the meatiest part of the game. Players should be able to interact with the world and NPCs through various professions. First, let me list some professions and then I will draw out a lot of cool scenarios that could occur in this game.\n\nPossible professions:\nBaker, teacher, mercenary soldier, knight, bandit, wizard, doctor, blacksmith, bard, tavern owner, real estate person, architect, interior designer, hunter, fisher, sword for hire, alchemist, curse remover, merchant, and I could expand this list beyond infinity...\n\nNow - let me draw out a scenario that could occur between a player in this world with the NPCs.\n\nScenario: A group of NPCs start construction of a small hamlet, but unknowingly, they build too close to that evil swamp and the nasty beasts from there come daily and kill one of their citizens... things are not looking good... suddenly you arrive. You are a sword for hire and they beg of you to deal with this one specific beast that the group cannot handle - this could be a boss battle. You successfully slay the beast. It is an ancient evil beast that has some curse magic and before you could kill it, it places an ancient curse on you... you have two options - explore the curse remover skill set in this game, or find another NPC OR EVEN ANOTHER PLAYER that has extensive skills in curse magic, especially in the curse removal branch. You find said player, but in order to remove this powerful curse, they need a certain magic material that can be found in some dungeons scattered across the map in a certain area... I could draw this scenario out to the point of a novel... but it would be much more fun to play\n\nSkills: Each profession should have an associated skill level with it - and a skill tree that provides a vast array of skills. It would be cool if the leveling system was like Skyrim and based on these levels in the skills.\n\nSocial advancement: Okay... so you’re a wizard let’s say... but how do you advance?? Maybe through a mechanic called reputation points where each task has an associated difficulty ranking with it, and you receive a certain amount of reputation points associated with this difficulty ranking for the task that you complete. After you amass a certain number of reputation points you advance a rank in your profession... maybe from Stage 1 wizard to Stage 10 or something \n\nPlayer structures: Maybe you’re an adventurer and you need a certain area to just chill in in between - construct an estate! Or maybe your own town... or boy a piece of real estate at a nearby and secure kingdom... which can be raided anytime by other players or NPC groups. Or maybe even create your own kingdom and or empire.\n\nThe possibilities for a game like this would be endless, and I think it is very possible to program all of these mechanics."
gl79kp,A correlation game,"Based off this comment by dudemath: [https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/gk2gc0/former\_antivaxxers\_what\_caused\_you\_to\_change\_your/fqq6dx2/?context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/gk2gc0/former_antivaxxers_what_caused_you_to_change_your/fqq6dx2/?context=3)\n\nBasically this could be a party/singleplayer game where two seemingly unrelated topics are given and you have to type in what connects them. Should be simple to make, but the data might be hard to get."
gl6tfv,The Spooky Game - 1st person psudeo horror,"I would like to make a 3D, 1st person game, but I am completely inexperienced in this field. I would like help, but am unable to pay.\n\nThe base idea is that you're exploring a haunted house as the ghost tries to scare you. However, he's not very scary. Eventually, you come to a room with two buttons, and he asks if he scared you or not. \n\nIf you say he wasn't scary, he gets upset, and leads you out. When you return, the house has become slightly more creepy. At the end of every run, he has you rate him again. Saying that he's not scary changes the game, eventually making it much creepier, as the ghost hunts you down.\n\nHowever, saying he's scary will make him incredibly happy, and he leads you out, and he invites you to visit again. As you befriend the ghost, he starts telling you the lore of the game, and showing you around his house. \n\nThe gameplay itself will consist of walking around, and occasionally opening doors or flipping light switches. (Think The Stanley Parable.)\n\nSo, what do you think? Would any of you like to help, or am I in this by myself? \n\n^Again, ^I ^can't ^pay ^anyone. ^I'm ^only ^17"
gl6rld,3rd person rpg Combat system,"After playing tons of games based off this combat system each one feels a bit different and I found a interesting mix of some of them that can be made into my ideal combat system. \n\nINFLUENCES: Sekiro, dark souls,\n\nMain Weapon: One handed sword \n\nOff hand: Magic\n\nThe combat consist of dodging, jumping, and deflecting most of the time however some enemy attacks require you to use other types of counters. \nEach character has stats they can improve as they play the game. Every weapon in the game has its own stats and skills. Combining everything together earns you with specific classes. Magic has its own play style you can choose low risk low reward magic or high risk high reward magic. Low level magic is dangerous but as you level it gets stronger. New spells you can cast and use to change the way the game is played. \n\nYour main weapon has light attacks that are quick and not as strong as heavy attacks which are slower but deadlier."
gl5g73,"entering the time chamber, a baby's first horror","Imagine slender, where you have to collect a certain number of things before the monster get you, but in 2D.\n\ni had the idea after watching dragon ball's hyperbolic time chamber where they say if you explore the place deeper, the more intense the place got.\n\nSame mechanic apply here, there is a sanity meter and the lower you get the more crazy the visuals go, and completely empty is game over, the only way to get it back is by going back to the safe zone.\n\n the further you are from the safe zone, the quicker the sanity meter drains, creating a risk vs reward system where you could go further and get it in one go.\n\nIn addition to that there could be a unstopable giant cthulu like creature lurking in the map, hunting you down a creature so big he is impossible to see full from the camera alone, in terms of scaling understanding how big it is, you are 1:50 compared to the map, the camera coverage is like 1:41 of the map, the monster is like 1:10 of the map, a nice way to have make the player go ""WHAT THE HELL IS THAT""."
gl3aik,Inverted Metroidvania,"I've had an idea floating around in my head for a while now. I've done a bit of searching and I've seen other people with a similar idea. My idea is a little different. \n\nFor the purposes of conveying it in a simple way, I'll be using Metroid as a baseline, but it isn't supposed to be in that universe. \n\nAt the end of Metroid Fusion, Samus has regained her suit and weapons from Super Metroid and has fused it with her new suit. The problem is that as soon as you got it, you used it against an Omega Metroid, a rather tough battle, then escaped into the credits sequence. You never see the consequences of having too much power in a suit that can't handle it. \n\nMy character is in a Power Suit that cannot handle the enormous power it contains. You need to find the person or persons responsible for creating it in the first place so they can repair it. The overabundance of power has short-circuited its power reserves and requires you to turn off your abilities. You never actually lose anything. You only lose the capacity to use them all at once. You can turn them off and on as you see fit. \n\nThe player needs to prioritize which powers are necessary in different sections of gameplay. You could have an exploration set, a battle set and a boss set. The father into the story you go, the less reserves you have access to, and less powers you can use at once. By the end of the story, the player will have such an advanced understanding of the physics that they'll be able to play without the abilities entirely. \n\nOnce the player gets their repaired suit back, they have both the power it always had and the skill to use it effectively. To make it an interesting endgame, the new suit would only have movement abilities. If you want, you could go fight the antagonist right now, or go to areas you couldn't and collect combat upgrades to make the fight easier. \n\nIt's all about player choice and letting them know they always had it. It could be a simple system such as having an initial capacity of 100 units. All of your powers at once adds up to 120. As the game progresses, your total capacity shrinks. At the end, your capacity is closer to 20-30 before you lose the suit entirely. Then when you get the new one, it's capacity is upwards of 200. \n\nI also thought of a situation where you can actually turn everything on at the cost of health per second. The farther over your capacity you are, the more health you lose. I call it overcharging. So long as you are constantly regaining health, you could theoretically keep everything on all the time. Subsequently, if you turn everything off shortly after gaining control, your reserves are nearly always filled which could increase your defense and life support. \n\nIt'd be cool if it could be a 3D open environment, but I think it would work better in 2D. \n\nI'm not sure whether to ground this adventure in just one large map like Hollow Knight (I'd prefer this) or if I should open it up to multiple maps a la Shantae and the Pirate's Curse (this is probably easier to make). I'm also not sure if it should be more sci-fi or fantasy. \n\nHopefully, that's enough info, without being too much in one go. I hope I was able to convey my idea properly and in a way that sounds fun."
gl0y7w,A Phoenix Wright game where we play as miles edgeworth,I have just begun to play the turnabout goodbyes. And I feel like edgeworth is more deep of a character then Phoenix is. I need a game where we get to experience his side of stuff
gkzkit,I want to make a 2d platformer but cant think of an original mechanic,"As the title says this is what i am trying to make. I feel like everything has been done though, dead cells did a 2d roguelite, shovel knight did the classic formula, katana zero did the cool combat, celeste did the fluid controls. It just seems like you cant make an original 2d platformer without the unique part being the look or the story."
gkzejh,Looking for good 2D game ideas!,"I have been developing for approximately 2.5 years now and I haven’t had a really good idea that has stuck yet. So you know, do your magic :D"
gkyw9m,Street fighting simulator!,"I'd love to see a hyper realistic fighting game but outside the arena.\n\nI have enjoyed the fight night series of boxing games alongside the likes of UFC.  \n\nHowever I particularly loved playing Bushido Blade as a teen.  The reason was it's brutal depiction of sword fighting, with rounds that could be ended with a single well placed strike.\n\nMy game idea would be a beat em up, moving from area to area, Streets of Rage style.  But the combat would be extremely realistic.  Stabbing someone in a vital area could end the fight in a second.  Alternatively a fist based scrap could last a while.\n\nI'd also like the ability to damage various body parts. Strikes against limbs could make the character limp or limit them to one armed attacks.\n\nThere would be mainly melee weapons and realistic blood and gore.\n\nThere could be co op and multiplayer with two gangs of 4 scrapping it out in a warehouse or abandoned buildings.\n\nI haven't decided on the graphics as I think it could work well in both a retro style and a really realistic gritty style."
gkv7yv,How could I play CBBC's Trapped over Zoom ?,"I know how i'd choose a saboteur for each round and such, but i'm unsure what tasks i could get the participants to do where a saboteur could intervene? Over Zoom?\n\nFor context, here is a snippet from a Trapped episode [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0b9LCKff7I](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0b9LCKff7I)"
gksdiq,I had this idea while playing DiRT Rally,"[https://youtu.be/d07Qt25pfUU](https://youtu.be/d07Qt25pfUU)\n\nif it has been done, let me know, so i can play it!"
gkrt79,The Triangle; a horror game that takes place in the Bermuda triangle,"You start on a boat, a stir crazy curious man wanting to find out why planes and ships dissapear in the triangle. Your ship could range from a tiny fisherman's boat to an industrial grade net fishing boat. The game could involve paranormal activity, sea monsters, all kinds of things you need to fend off against. It could be open world, or similar to FNAF except you can move around a bit. Last this long, check on these places, and so on."
gkr7kr,Any cool/fun/weird/random game ideas?,"Hello! \n\nI'm fairly new to game designing, but I want to try. I'm not sure if this is the right subreddit to ask😅so I'm sorry if I do something wrong, but does anyone have any cool ideas or topics for a game? Much appreciated! Maybe not a horror game😅 but something fairly simple (since itd be my first) or just super random...like a character on a butter skateboard haha thank you!"
gkpgwe,"A procedural RPG, where the world doesn't need you to trigger events.","A world alive, with some real sized cities. Instead of hand manufactured towns, the designers have the job of only adapting the procedurally generated contend to be more alive and credible. Every building could be explored, moving around should be a mechanic, you could ride a griphon, or fly, or teleport... anyhow, the world is alive and you\`re just part of it."
gkp319,"A game with a ""disposable body""","A futuristic era, where your mind is uploaded and backed up, your body is just a vessel. You start the game with a basic service bio/mecha body, and throughout the game you have the opportunity to buy or develop new vessels, biological advanced beings, or mechanized ones. When you die, your mind just inherit a new vessel, this mechanic make some purpose on permadeath, but not the whole death, just a material one."
gkowmj,My idea for a horror game,"So I had this idea for a horror game.\n\nIt has a very simple goal: survive the night.\nThe story is that you are a paranormal investigator being paid by the minute for every bit of footage you can get of spiritual hauntings.\nSo In order to get those dollar dollar bills, you need to get as many recordings as possible.\nBut the places you visit are plagued by horrible apparitions and ghouls who will try to kill you at every opportunity.\n\nThe catch:\nThe spirits can only hurt you IF the camera is rolling. Sure you can just keep the camera down and wander the area until the morning comes, but you wont get paid for that. So you have to keep that camera up and running to get as much as possible.\n\nThis game would have a system like Outlast where you can have the camera on or off whenever you'd like. The more you keep the recording going, the spirits will get faster and angrier. Like I said, if the camera is down, nothing will harm you, heck, you cant even see the ghosts. But once the camera's on, all kinds of things can appear to attack. Putting the camera down is your ONLY defense against the spooks. \nThis game would feature a time period system where you would need to survive from (let's say) 12 am to 6 am, all while getting as much footage as possible.\nThis game could have high scores and rankings, encouraging you to be braver and have the camera up for longer than you really should.\n\nI think this could be a great idea if it could be put into action. Sadly I am not a game developer, so I must keep this idea in my head for now."
gkny6p,"An open world third person rpg in the vein of Witcher where 12 - 16 players occupy a single server, competing to complete quests and obtain limited amounts of funds and legendary gear.","The game is open PvP combat.\n\nAlso, some endgame bosses are too powerful to defeat alone. A player must make alliances with the other adventurers to defeat some of the more legendary bosses. \n\nDeath system: upon hitting 0hp, the character enters an afterlife trial by combat where they must defeat enemies. One a few levels below, one at a similar level, and one a level or two higher. On a success, the player revives at the nearest shrine/waypoint or whatever. Upon failure, the player must create a new character."
gkm98m,Realistic Artist RPG (YouTube/Freelance Artist),
gklrkr,Junkyard Survival,"The Runaway;\n\nYou're a kid running from home. The intro video would show something like getting spooked by the cops, and jumping onto a large trash bin, hopping to catch a tree branch, and swinging over a fence into a junkyard, an electrified fence... \n\nYour job is to find a place to hide out, while avoiding the owner during the day, where you scavenge for food and salvage to build your 'base', and the dogs at knight while you pick through the garbage for food that will lower hour hunger bar slightly, or steal it from the owner's fridge, which will lower it much better.\n\nThis is a base building game. You need to find a nice spot where you can bunker down. Cars are fine, but they're small. RVs, and Busses would be better, as would a simple hole in the ground, under a board. You need to keep warm at night, so you need fire, which means fuel. You can scavenge plenty of it, but some will last longer than others.\n\nYou're a kid, so you won't be killing anyone, certainly not the dogs. Throwing a rock can distract the owner, and throwing bits of meat will distract the dogs.\n\nIf you build your bunker in the ground, you can dig little by little, making it bigger. You can also use any large cloth with boards to make a ""hidden"" bridge (tunnel) between two vehicles. If you want to sleep through the night, you need a bed. A simple cloth will work, but you'll lose time in the morning because you don't sleep well. A cloth with some sort of pillow (crafted) would be better, and a (semi)legit bed would be perfect (also crafted)."
gki3d5,"Idea for GTA-like game set in 1920s Croatia and Serbia; ""Project Yugoslavia""","Here it goes, my extremely ambitious game idea:\n\nMy idea is to make (or for someone to make) the game simmilar in presentation and gameplay style to GTA with story tone and historical accuracy of Mafia series. Further explaination is contained below:\n\nGAMEPLAY\n\nGeneral\n\n""Project Yugoslavia"" would be set in open-world, true-to-life depictions of Zagreb and Belgrade during late 1920s (preferably period between 1926-1930) with world being totally open for exploration and for players to do what they please in same manner as GTA series; Want to steal a car? Take your pick. Want to go on a murderous rampage? Sure, go ahead. Want to just cruise around and explore? Go on! There would also be collectibles that would unlock special vehicles and weapons as well as side missions; Contract assassinations, illegal street races, generally causing mayhem, delivering stolen cars and other illicit goods (illegal Austro-Hungarian Krones, erotic publications, drugs, etc.) under either police pressure or time limit and intimidation of certain targets. And not to mention RDR2-like random encounters and world events for players to take part in within two cities. Weapons depicted in game would represent real firearms of the time period and could be sourced through illegal vendors found in the cities. Radio music and stations would also reflect atmosphere and feel of the only local station during the time period (Radio Zagreb founded in 1926). Game would also include boss fights in certain missions a la Saints Row series.\n\nCombat\n\nCombat in the game would be split in armed and unarmed (melee) combat with armed combat covering usage of firearms (semi-automatic handguns, revolvers, carbine rifles, automatic rifles, grenades and even Browning M2 LMG). Weapons wouldn't necessarily be named by their real-world names and could use different names or just change up original weapon name a la Uncharted series. Direct headshots from all weapons would cause instant death to both enemies and player alike so use of cover system would be ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY to survive a combat encounter involving firearms. All weapons would also have certain level of recoil associated with its real-life counterpart, but not to fully emulate it. Players would also only be capable of carying few weapons on their person (2-4 depending on weapon type) with Browning taking up most space while handgun/revolver and assault rifles take up least ammount of space. Weapons carried by players would also impair their movement depending on its weight and would be physically shown on player character (e.g. carbine rifle holstered on character's shoulder).\n\nAs for an unnarmed combat, as protagonists aren't modern soldiers trained in Krav Maga, Jiu Jitsu and crapton of other real and fictional CQC techniques, fisticuffs would be portrayed as realistic for grown men WITHOUT flashy finishers, knife spinning (looking at you, Naked Snake and Leon S. Kennedy from RE4) and WWE-like throws. Fighting would encompass several types of punches a la Mafia 2 and basic grappling reminescent of real life brawls from which either enemy or player could either get shoved into an enviromental hazard or headbutted. There would also be dodging and blocking system to allow players more defensive options. Unarmed combat would mostly be scripted in certain sections of the game but could also be utilized as last-ditch effort in an armed combat should players run out of ammo as players can either rush or flank enemy and then disarm them via quick-time event when close enough to do so.\n\nSTORY &amp; PREMISE\n\nPremise and Idea\n\nAs i am avid history researcher and student in my free time, i like to imagine what it was like living back in the days whose only recorded footage are grainy, black-and-white videos and mostly faded black-and-white images that haven't been colorized. As such, i started to imagine what it was like living in my home country and its neighbor, Serbia in the late 1920s when they were both part of Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes which later went on to become first Yugoslavia (Kingdom Of Yugoslavia).\n\nHaving gathered knowledge about this time period from several history books, i've decided to base my game in it due to period between 1926-1930 being time of severe political and social instability in the country. And seeing as this period in our history is not well known to many outside of Croatia, Serbia, Bosnia, Slovenia and other nearby countries, many people likening this era to the likes of Al Capone, F. D. Roosevelt and Bugsy Sigel, i believe that this game would help to put at least Croatia and Serbia on the personal map of many people.\n\nStory itself would follow two men, Serb and Croat. Both are World War 1 veterans with political connections, one having fought as part of victorious Entante and having connections in ruling Serbian Radicalist Party while other fought in decimated Austro-Hungarian army and has connections in all-but outlawed Croatian Peasants' Party with both carrying their own demons and agendas, but starting to work together after finding a common goal-unmasking a deadly political plot brewing in deep echelons of the country's corrupt and divided government, a feat which will take them through criminal underbellies of both Zagreb and Belgrade as well as through political arena in which they will both meet and face historical figures from both Croatia and Serbia. \n\nGame would also showcase some historical events, such as 1928 assassination on Croatian politicians in national assembly, national tensions between two countries resulting in both protagonists being verbally and physically attacked as the game progresses and 1929 declaration of Kingdom Of Yugoslavia. If this game were real, i would ensure that neither Croats nor Serbs were presented as clear-cut good guys and bad guys as both sides claim to having suffered during this period while in reality, i believe that both Croats and Serbs were equally cruel to each other, and would depict it as so.\n\nIf you read this far, i congratulate you and encourage you to say what do you think about this idea.\n\nThanks in advance."
gkhvki,A recycling based collect all the creatures style game,"The game’s story would be basic you and you’re two childhood friends were sent on a mission by you’re local profesor to find all the different kinds of recyclemon\n\nThe gameplay would revolve around trying to collect materials from garbage dumps,trash cans and more to then recycle them to create recyclemon (WIP title)\n\nThe type match up system would be based on what materials were used to create them for example paper,metal,organic etc\n\nThe game would have recycle centers where you can heal you’re mons,buy items,and have you’re parts recycled to create new mons \n\nWhile you can find mons in the wild some mons can only be found by recycling them"
gkfo9s,A Game about Gods,"My brother and I make up a lot of cool game ideas but I thought this one was worth sharing. Imagine an MMO RPG all about a monotheistic society where you and many other players can choose your patron and initiate holy wars in the name of your god or gods. Here is where it gets interesting, I think. With enough worship and service to your god, you can ascend to God hood by taking the place of a god or creating a new one based on current gods. Once you become a God, the game becomes more like an rts. As a god you can pass down orders or rules through a player priest who will tell your believers. Gods will acquire points from prayer that will make them stronger allowing them to use special abilities. The abilities would probably include creating holy knights  or semi gods, altering the environment, or even creating an avatar for yourself that can lead your armies with special abilities. \n\nI think the game would work best with a fantasy set of gods that are similar to that of the Roman's or Greeks. \n\nSo what do y'all think? Is this any good?"
gkf0ff,How do you guys think of a fresh primary gameplay loop?,"I'm starting to be more nintendo like with my game ideas, but at the same time, i myself is struggling to think of new ways to actually find a new way to play, that is already been done to death."
gkdkl6,How Insulting! Help me brainstorm some ideas?,"A card game where a player and friends come up with quick witted responses or comebacks to a predetermined insult. Premade cards and fill-in cards. Like Cards Against Humanity, but direct and personal! Roast your friends! Or roast something in general, like a celebrity."
gkcrb4,Reviving Silent Hill: Cold Heart with a few new ideas,"So the new Silent Hill game is getting developed and I have thought about what it should be about. I would like to see the revival of the canceled Silent Hill project, [*Silent Hill: Cold Heart*](http://www.megabearsfan.net/post/2014/12/09/Silent-Hill-Cold-Heart-pitch.aspx). Many ideas in this project sounded incredible and could have set what the next generation should have strived toward. These ideas include:\n\n- The massive expansion of the survival aspect. Managing your backpack with the limited inventory space, protecting the character from exposure to the frigid cold by eating, equipping warm clothing, or by finding shelter indoors. The frozen Otherworld would, thus, have actually been threatening and relevant to gameplay, since extended exposure to it could potentially have been fatal. Escaping the cold into a nearby building ends up being one of the primary ways of guiding the character to important plot destinations. It is less combat-heavy but more about planning how to get to your destination, sort of like I Am Alive.\n\n- You play as Jessica Chambers. Jessica was planned to be an over-stressed and emotionally-vulnerable college student. She ends up in Silent Hill after a freak snowstorm causes her car to crash on her way to visit her parents. She is emotionally vulnerable and weighed down by a deep sadness.\n\n- Cold Heart seems to have been scoped to require the player to solve some more involved environmental puzzles. A simple example is searching the snow for a key with a metal detector. The puzzle required searching the environment for dry wood and throwing it into the boiler, then using flint to light a fire and activate the boiler. Once activated, the heat from the boiler would melt some ice, revealing a key that can be used to progress with the level. This puzzle would have required the player to search over a larger area than most of Shattered Memories' puzzles required, and represented a more adult challenge than simply using the Wiimote to turn over a can or unlatch a door.\n\nHere are some of my additional ideas that can be added for the new generation:\n\n- The first-person perspective like Silent Hills and Resident Evil 7, compatible with VR. Third-person only during the cutscenes.\n\n- The combat is deliberate and slower-paced. Creatures are far scarce and rarer in the worlds, but individual encounters are far more punishing and can drain resources and energy out of you, so it encourages the player to flee rather than fighting multiple enemies head-on. Maybe you can throw Pyramid Headesque Mr. X/Xenomorph type enemy to put the player constantly on the move instead of staying in one location. The player can use stealth and sneak through the levels.\n\n- The openworld large enough to give the survival system some meanings. Obstacles are now long-term now rather than short-term. Because traversal is now longer and complex, damage affects the player movements depending on which body part was injured. For example, if your leg got hurt, your movement becomes slower until you apply a medkit.\n\n- Dynamic branching paths through the player's actions. This does not have to be done through therapist sessions, unlike Shattered Memories and Downpour. It can be done through the core gameplay. Like for example, there are survivors throughout the world you can rescue, choose to ignore, or even choose to kill to steal their resources. Depending on your action, the story changes dynamically. Another example: You find a child suffering from epilepsy and you get a side-quest of finding a drug from the hospital under the time limit. If you choose to ignore or are too late, then the child dies, which affects the plot later. \n\n- Dying is not a game over. Like Death Stranding, if you die, there is a permanent in-story consequence, which opens up another branching path. It makes dying in the game actually something you actively want to avoid.\n\n- Do not rely on fanservice and past formulas. Silent Hill is not hot shit anymore. The last installment was almost a decade ago. Even if the game is full of fanservice, people will not care. The majority of the mainstream audience today knows nothing about Silent Hill. Play down the occult elements. I do not understand why the fandom is so adamant about Silent Hill has to about occult and religions when I always found them to be the uninteresting part about those games. Maybe the player can explore one of the occult-themed areas of Silent Hill or one of the characters is a cultist, but I want the main plot to be nothing to do with it. I am not interested in the origin of Silent Hill or the reason behind why all these creatures are all over the place. I do not care about the Mason family. Instead, be a standalone story. Write new characters, new concepts, and new ideas. Get inspired by other great horror movies, games, and stories as the series always has been."
gkbsss,NPC interaction mechanics,Usually in most games with NPCs the player can only interact with them via dialogue boxes.\n\nWhat if the player could interact with NOCs in more meaningful ways and directly affect how the NPC behaves? \nI was wondering if there are any other ideas for player-npc interaction?
gk9t1b,A game where you're a private investigator/detective,"So this is a game that I actually plan on making.\n\nMy Initial Idea:\n\nYou basically live in a small city and work as a private investigator or detective (Haven't decided on which one specifically) There isn't one huge case that you can take on, but multiple cases that you can do by talking to different people. The results of your case can affect your rep which can allow additional cases to be unlocked.\n\nAny other ideas that you think could be added to this?"
gk9hz6,Gas Station Survival Horror,"Let me preface by saying that I've taken much inspiration from Puppet Combo's ""Night Shift"".That being said, I thought of a survival horror game that is set at a gas station in the middle of nowhere, on a stretch of desolate highway. You'd play as a manager that has to take the night shit alone. Something like 10pm-8am. Your first goal is to earn points by working. You clean, organize shelves, stock, and help customers when they come in. Each customer would be randomly generated to maximize *immersion.* You first help customers: tell them what isle things are in (signs above isles), or tend cash for gas. The horror survival aspect comes into play as one customer will be a murderer, or psycho or something, that the player will have to carefully find and avoid. They can't be fought, only outran or slowed down. The player can survive by outrunning the threat until the shift is over (most difficult), calling the police (which still requires waiting for them, and if the player calls the police prematurely then they will take longer to come the next time they're called.) or hiding. Passing cars can be flagged down by the player to try to escape but they are rare given the desolate environment.  \nThe killer's mannerisms would be different of course as to be able to clue the player in. They'll roam the store more randomly, stare at you when you're not looking, and generally act creepier than regular customers.  \nThis is just a small idea but I thought it'd be interesting to see what other people felt about it."
gk8zs2,"3D, 2D mixture game that's also a mix of modern and 90's video games",
gk8kr7,"What is ""Post Processing"" in Games? - Explained",
gk7h7i,Does anyone have good mobile game ideas.,"Hello, I was about to start working on a new project but I don't know what to do. I want this game to be pretty addictive while also not being repetitive. It should be able to run ads and microtransactions but neither would hinder gameplay. Please let me know. Thank you."
gk4e2g,A quick idea for a mechanic that replaces the safe zone circle thing in battle royale games.,"This is just an idea for a part of a battle royale game. The map would need to be designed around this idea though. I'm just throwing it out there, I'm sure no one is going to get up and make a full br game after reading this.\n\nSo the idea is instead of a shrinking circle safe zone thing you would have a group of killer androids marching in slowly after each round. The closer you got the faster they would lock on and kill you.  So if you were really close they would kill you almost instantly. I was thinking hitscan insta kill or very high damage. Their range would be long, but from the further away they spot you the longer it would take for them to aim at you. You'd still have a very short time to react at sniper range, 1 second at most. If you can shoot them with a sniper so can they. You can kill them but it would take several headshots with the best sniper rifle for example. If you kill one you have a small time window to change position while it's clear, until another robot marches in and takes it's place. If multiple players are in their sights they would have a minimum firing delay and you could use this to your advantage.\n\nI was thinking this would break up the monotony of a circle with clear edges and a force field that gives everything a colored tint, that a lot of BR games have."
gk31kq,"I want to try and make a RTS, Rougelike. I see it as a mix of Age of Empire series and Diablo, two games from my childhood.","First I want to say I'm new to making games. This is a ambitious project to say the least, but it doesn't hurt to make a proof of concept. The core gameplay Is undetermined but I see it as, You the Lord of a small village, needs to take care of a threat so you hire a mercenary. This mercenary will be your first payable character, you would control this mercenary like you would you character in Diablo. You would have several mercenaries to chose from, each with there own class and ""ability"". You are not locked to a mercenary, and if you have a barracks you can house multiple mercenaries at a time. As it goes this will be very malleable concept. As for city building and resource management, it will be like any old RTS, however your armies will be highly customizable. My idea is that you can train units to have skills; archery, swordsman, shield, ext. Each taking time and resources to train each skill. As well as being able to chose armors and weapons. Whether large scale wars will be in a game like this or not it will be a cool at least. Soilders and the players mercenaries will share equipment, so if you find or craft armor anyone can were it. To summarise this will take from many types of games to make a new experience. So far I haven't seen any game as I described, if there is one tell me. I'm open to new ideas and tips to try to make this. If anyone wants use this idea, by all means go ahead. \n\nI have a couple questions for experience people.\nIn know a lot more about 3d games and Designing assets, but is 2d the way to go?\nWhat engine should I use? I've personally only ever used unity.\nIs this a viable idea?\nIs there any frameworks for either of these game types I can use to speed up the coding process\n\nAlso, I need help makeing the game, if anyone thinks this idea is worth the time. I'm not asking for a Freelancer, rather a partner, no profit unless we end up selling the game."
gk2pbs,A war game that gets as close as possible to the real thing.,"I mean com eon, you can't tell me that you haven't wanted an open world war game. It just sounds FREAKING AWESOME! Like, come on imagine clearing a town with 4 buddies and a sniper for recon. It sounds amazing in theory. It'd be interesting especially if all positions were run by players. Like even the higher-ups. It would depend on many variables though. Like, how active the community is and how well it's executed. Am I the only one who thinks this sounds cool as all hell?"
gk0dua,An open world rpg where the story is updated every week,"A lot of tv shows like game of thrones have gotten these huge audiences that watch the show every week. I want to see a single player open world rpg that does a similar thing. This could work especially well for a cloud gaming service, as it would keep people from ending their subscriptions. Essentially every Saturday and update comes out, you wouldn’t have download because it’s being streamed from the cloud, and it adds more story content and new side quests. I’m a writer, so I’m working on a story for the game, and any body interested in helping is welcome. I know I’m going to need a very big team, so I’m working on getting one right now. If you have any thing to add pls tell me."
gk0d9p,"Looking for ideas for low poly game with a wide, empty landscapes","Hey, I've already chosen setting for my future game but I'm lacking of creativity when it comes to story. Basically I want to create a game with a vast, low poly, kinda fantasy but not necessarily landscapes and enviroment with a minimum amount of things around. Something like [this](https://www.artstation.com/artwork/z0282), or [this](https://www.artstation.com/artwork/oP5XB). But I'm out of ideas what the story, or the plot should be. The genre will probably something like adventure game, kinda exploration and stuff, not sure if I want to lock with typical fantasy RPG with monsters and like final boss but I'm open to any ideas. Most likely third-person view. Basically I need something that will stick to the player when it comes to enviroment, something that will intrigue, maybe the idea why the world is looking that way and so on. I want to connect the world 'emptiness' around with the story so the exploration wouldn't be just nice views and thats all - that sounds pretty boring and not interesting at all to encourage players to explore the world.  \n\n\nMy first idea was that something like beast-out-of-that-world came up from the other world and starting to leeching the planet's life forces, thats why everything started to decay and everything is so empty. And the goal for the player was to encounter that monstroisity, but I'm not quite sure about it, and even if - that's just only a goal and I need to polish it to create a full story.  \n\n\nIf someone wants to let imagination run wild and create a story or an idea in which direction should I push it, you're welcome, I'll be glad. If anyone is interested, the game will be created in Unity with models in Blender, in which I have a fairly good experience."
gk00vj,Freestyle Rhythm RPG combat,"I've started learning Unity because ""games are interesting, yo"" and I have an idea, but I'm not certain about how feasible it is.\n\n***\n\n**Combat** runs on ""active time"", with marked beats based on the tempo of the music--similar to *Crypt of the Necrodancer*.\n\nPlayer actions are divided into 2 groups: ""On-beat"" and ""Off-beat"".\n\n&gt;On-actions gain a bonus when used on the beat, and share a ""global"" cooldown (GCD) that refreshes after a certain number of beats.\n\n&gt;Off-actions have individual cooldowns (ie. are not affected by the GCD), which also refresh after a certain number of beats.\n&gt;&gt;These can be used at any time, but don't get bonuses for being used on- or off- beat.\n&gt;&gt;I think that the gameplay would be smoother if that number was based on the meter of the music.\n\n**Classes** are differentiated by the ""rhythm"" of their actions.\n\n&gt;Sword-users, for example, could have a constant rhythm of 1-beat GCDs, with occasional off-actions throughout.\n\n&gt;Knives could be focused on using a lot of off-actions.\n&gt;&gt;I would probably have to limit the system to 2 or 3 off-actions (triplets or 16th notes) to prevent them from steamrolling slower tempos.\n\n&gt;Hammers (or some other, heavy weapon) could ""charge"" their attacks, using off-actions to apply buffs to the hit.\n&gt;&gt;This would probably also work for magic, except with the combination of ""runes"" determining the spell cast (I think this could be programmed by adding letters onto a string?).\n\n***\n\nWhat are your thoughts on this system so far?\n\n**Ideally,** I'd also like to add defensive actions later on, as well as enemy telegraphs (ex. blocks prepared before the attack, dodges/parries used at the same time).\n\nIt might also be interesting as a multiplayer game, but I'd imagine that there'd be timing issues outside of local/same-system play."
gjxdpr,The ultimate game.,"Since my childhood i've always been very intrigued by open world games and have been veey keen to try them all. Okay so here's the plan. The ultimate compilation of GTA-5, Watch Dogs-2 and some parts of Just Cause 3. I know that this is a list of comparatively older games but hey, they are gems. So most of the basic of the game would be based of GTA-5 which includes the rockstar games story lines, having multiple playable charecters with separate back stories and abilities, other in-game accessories like the soda machines, sport activities, haircut saloons, dressing shops etc.\nWatch Dogs 2 can contribute for the abilities to hack, research point concepts, parkour, and the utter realism of the graphics(excluding the vehicle driving experience)\nWhereas Just Cause 3 can contribute for the wingsuit, parachute and tethers and the control which comes with it including the usage of guns while in air which can enhance the gameplay by a thousand times.\nSo this was it and i know that creating such a game would be purely hectic and would consume massive amounts of storage and consoles of very high specifications but i really look forward to having and experiencing such a masterpiece.\nI hope y'all like it and wish that it was worth your time"
gjvucb,A DC Comics game following a very obscure hero,"In the DC Universe, there's a character named B'wana Beast. He's a hero based in Africa that has superhuman physical abilities, the ability to control animals, and the ability to fuse two animals into a chimera. \n\nThe game would be set in its own continuity and take place on a special nature reserve in Africa. Players would be able to travel the open-world by running, doing parkour, and by riding animals. B'wana Beast would also have a number of ways to complete his objectives. He could use stealth to quietly dispatch his enemies or he could be more straightforward and fight them with the ferocity of a wild animal. Players can also use his power to fuse animals and create powerful allies that they can control. This would be done through by having an action menu that lets players give basic directions to the creatures. Combine a bird and a snake to create a flying poison dispenser. A rhino and a gazelle could become the world's fastest battering ram. The possibilities are almost endless. \n\nOther characters from the DC Universe such as Animal Man and Vixen would most likely make appearances as supporting characters. Some notable villains may appear as well. The story would revolve around B'wana Beast's attempt to fight a superpowered warlord and his army trying to slowly take over the entire continent. Upon getting to the reserve, they cause a lot of destruction. It's up to B'wana Beast and his allies to take down the warlord and bring peace to the area. \n\nIt's a weird idea, but I thought it would be fun to discuss."
gjtjaq,Fun game idea for 'stay at home' and to play with office colleagues when catching up on a Friday,"Using teams or zoom or any app that allows you to change background (that you normally use for office meetings) you can choose a background from a movie scene and ask others to guess (pick something that does not involve the main characters that will make it a bit difficult to guess).\n\nSince the scene shows up behind you, you can choose to hide some spots on the scene by moving in front of that or putting your hand up - to increase the difficulty level."
gjrzon,Where should my game be set?,"Im working on a Squad-esque FPS but I don't wanna do the middle East or WWII because theyre overused, does anyone have any conflicts that aren't as widely known?"
gjrdhx,VR Game That Perfectly Simulates Life in Other Countries,"Maybe not so much as a game but a research method. You could live out a life in any other country, make friends, get married. You could become a bank robber if you really wanted to and try to live out your virtual days like that. It wouldn't really be in real-time, but the hours would be hours and minutes would be minutes. Nothing would happen while you were gone, but it would all start the moment you boot up the game. Save files, maybe even a multi-player thing where you could meet up with others in the country you were in. This would take so much work, and it might not even be possible if we wanted a perfect, up-to-date simulation. But it's definitely something I would play."
gjrah2,you know how nintendo made tetris 99?,that but for pc
gjqv1n,VR in real time,My idea is having a cubicle that displays a character that mimics what you are doing at home. While you are seeing from the POV of the cubicle. Sorry if this doesn’t match the sub reddit
gjotbg,Dungeon bomber man,"Dungeon crawler game but you can only use bombs, land mine, grenade. Weapons are short range explosives."
gjo1dk,Need some idle-games Ideas,"I really love idle but i dont like that they are all basically the same.  \nyou just click here, buy that and thats it.   \n\n\ni want to make some idle games, that fuse the idle genre together with other genres. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nLike for example:   \nAnd Idle game fused with a looter-shooter.  \nYou fight bosses in a 3d world. They drop weapons and gold, with the gold you can buy gunman (or turrets or whatever) and you can give them the weapons the bosses dropped. the gunman could have different skills, so they are better with different weapon types. weapons would get better and enemys harder to kill, so you have to upgrade your gunman.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis is just one idea, i thought about.   \nwould be nice to hear what interesting combinations you can come up with"
gjdksl,I just saw a ask reddit post about loading tips that could also be used for schools.,"I think that a good game idea would be about you go to school every day and the story depends on how you act. You are in the 4th grade and you go to school and learn everyday. You can either choose to be teachers pet, rulebreaker, or just a normal student. The game would be a fighting game because students have a lot of imagination and in reality they wouldn't actually fight but they do fight if that makes sense. Specific foods can get you money if you sell them, like takis, gum, chips, or just candy in general. There would be NPC's around the school that you could make friends with and if you were to get into any fights when they are around they would try to back you up. at the end of the day you are allowed to go home and play video games, play outside, and boost your stats. There would be a hygiene stat, entertainment stat, food stat, and another stat that I can't think of right now. You also have a reputation around school if you take showers, have more friends, help people out then youre reputation will increase and if you don't have a good one then you will have a bigger chance to get bullied or get into fights. This is just a brainstorm that if I were to ever learn coding I would come back to this idea and maybe make it. Excuse my grammar I made this on the spot."
gjcbcq,Binding of Isaac + Souls-Borne type games,"Based on a dream I had\n\nRouge-like dungeon slasher in a cyber-punk setting\n\nYou are the subject of a super soldier experiment with no memory of how you came to be\n\nThe in game explanation of why you come back is after dying is because of cloning, the character loses their memory every time they die\n\nThe more you play, the more you unlock for later runs and other things\n\nMultiple endings unlocked as you go through, audio logs about the experiment and the world outside the labs to be collected\n\nCo Op is a thing"
gjc5uu,Game where you live inside a globe,"So, I was thinking this could possibly be an Rpg where you live in a globe. So you could visit towns and explore different areas that represent different parts of the world. Of course there would be other elements needed to make this fun any ideas?"
gjb0l2,Hero's ages,"concept: You are a hero of civilization, who comes every 100 years, but you remember your past, as you are forever stuck to try to finally defeat the darkness. the game start's at the beginning of civilization, aka, stone age. by either choosing to give up (or death, if you want) or by ""defeating"" the evil, you proceed to the next age. the game may be story-based, or extreme puzzle, to find out the evil's true weakness, to free humanity, and of course, you from this unforgiving loop of fighting the evil.  \n\n\ngenre: any could fit, but I think 3D open-world would be most interesting. any way to show the world, and it's changes and impacts the player may have or haven't done.  \n\n\nmore concept add-on's or other mechanics would be nice to be heard. I myself aren't best at coding, but at least into all kinds of games, and a novice writer, so if you want more from me, just ask and give time."
gj9m9w,An advice for ppl giving ideas,"Hey, I'm a beginner at developing, still learning, and I wanna say that if you just have a tiny idea, like a simple game mechanic, don't always try to develop a lore or just doing a huge story about it, it's fine, small and simple game mechanic ideas are as valuable as full ""game ideas"". It may even be better to me. Thank you for reading me, keep developing and giving ideas people !"
gj941d,Jackoff simulator 2020,And thats that
gj8sje,Cleared Hot: an RTS/FPS PvP+E game set in either the first Iraq war (scud alley) or the Vietnam war.,"This game would be set on a large varied map somewhere in the ballpark of 64×64km with a day / night cycle and dynamic weather.\n\n The game would be played between two teams, redfor and bluefor. Redfor would consisting of two players, both controlling a war game esque 'deck' of AI units with an objective of holding and capturing points against another AI opponent. Bluefor would consist of 4-6 players actually as special forces TACP operators (Tactical Air Control Party) infiltrating behind redfor lines with a choice of insertion methods and fully customizable gear, calling in air strikes, taking out ground commanders and laying ambushes for advancing redfor troops and anything else the players can think of to hinder the redfor advance.\n\nOptional ideas.\n\nPlayer controlled air support for bluefor \n\nPlayer commanded AI for bluefor in the same way as it is done for redfor."
gj863j,Suggest Some Fun Weird Idea - One Week Project,"Hey🙋🏻‍♂️, I am game dev and has worked on few projects.. I was going to work on some cool fun or weird idea which can be completed in a week time.. as I'll work on it after my usual job. I'm not good at graphic side, but I'll try to work on it too. So, don't give any high graphic required ideas.😅😅\n\nComments some cool and weird ideas.. I'll start working on it. 👨‍💻\n\nJust doing this for fun and some challenge.. I'll also put your name in the game and we can also work on it together.. 😁😁"
gj795d,A game where you play as a drill sergeant,Im posting this here because someone can do more with this idea than I can and I have other projects im working on rn\n\nBasically you have a group of AI recruits and you have to train them. I know basic.
gj75mk,High Fantasy Action Adventure Rogue-like where 1-5 players work together to fight through as many levels as possible.,"  \n\n**Name:** \n\nProject: Battle Tower (WIP)\n\n**Main Mechanic:** \n\nPlayers will battle intelligent enemies in procedural generated arenas. After defeating the enemies, players will move to the next level. After so many levels, players will reach a rest area where dead allies will be revived, health will be restored, and you can use earned gold to buy/upgrade equipment. The game ends when the entire party dies.\n\n**Side Mechanics:** \n\n· Intelligent and diverse AI. Not all enemies will overwhelm you in hoards, but rather fight you with different strategies depending on their race/class. For example, giants being hearty and strong will be very aggressive and lethal but careless and easy to hit. Goblins being fragile and weak will work as a team to nimbly take you down with traps and tactics.\n\n· Detailed character customization.\n\n· Several classes with sprawling skill trees to allow for unique play styles.\n\n· Arena themes will change. Could be a dungeon, forest, dessert, swamp, cave, etc.\n\n· Enemies will drop equipment and gold. Equipment can be new weapons and armor or single use items like potions and scrolls.\n\n· Aesthetic drops that you keep between games and can customize your character with.\n\n**Story:**\n\nIn this high fantasy world, adventurers travel to the mystical Battle Tower to test their strength and earn glory.\n\n**Similar to:** \n\nThe combat of Dragon’s Dogma combined with a tactical combat system similar to For Honor enhances the brutality of a rogue-like that will prevent players from simply hacking and slashing their way through enemies and encourage teamwork/communication.\n\n**Advanced Features:**\n\n· Interactive environmental physics. Grass/Trees/Wood will catch fire. Stone walls will crumble if hit hard enough. Etc.\n\n· Developer kit for a thriving modding community.\n\n· Matchmaking to better find party members."
gj4md2,"Rage Monster, more damage taken = more power","This idea is for a FPS style game where the more damage the player takes the more dangerous they become. The player is infected with some alien parasite/demonic curse/mad science juice and is slowly transforming into a monster. Every time the player is injured the transformation continues a bit more. The good news is the transformation makes you a better fighter the bad news is it makes you less recognizable to your loved ones.\n\nWays the transformation effects game play:\n\n* Danger sense - The player will start sensing hostiles through walls and see the projected paths of bullets.\n* Faster refire and reload - the player works the mechanisms on the gun faster.\n* Higher damage output - you shots do more damage.\n* Improved accuracy - It take less time for the player's aim to steady on a long range target\n* Auto aim - at later stages of the transformation the guns will start aiming themselves.\n* Time slow -  in dangerous situations time will slow down\n* Faster movement and jumping - self explanatory\n* Melee - getting close to an enemy will trigger a fast melee kill with monstrous claws\n* Interdenominational attack - claws will start attacking enemies at range through interdenominational portals.\n\nThe idea is beating the game will be trivial since taking enough damage will turn you into an unstoppable juggernaut of destruction, but the ending will be better the less damage you take on a run."
gj4c8a,2D Topdown Spaceship management turn-based adventure game,"Working on this idea that is like SV in space except for instead of a town it’s your ship and the battling takes place off ship and your crew is the cast. Anyway, I have a programmer associate, looking for a 2D Unity artist/animator to help start bringing this up to speed. Want to know more, message me"
gj41r2,"Ghost Town: An RPG where you play as a deceased ghost, trying to survive in a 60s Noir-style city of New Orleans.","In this universe, the dead can remain tethered to the mortal world, and their existence is already made known by people.\n\nA ghost can remain tethered to this world if they have a personal unresolved tragedy or something keeps them back\n\nAs a recently deceased , you can choose to solve your murder or just run wild on the city. You must survive in a city of supernaturals and  ghost hunters, who want to trap ghosts and use them as weapons or fuel. \n\nAs a ghost, you can move among humans, cause chaos with your abilities or choose to get involved with others. \n\nGhosts can interact with the Unseen world: a metaphysical plane where human concepts and emotions take form. Think the Metaverse from Persona 5.\n\nThat's all I got, any other ideas?"
gj3ar6,Party roguelike with morale implications - in need of ideas for mechanics,"This is a prototype I'm working on but need to flesh it out and add some juice to it.  \nThe idea is basically a party roguelike in which your party walks from the left to the right of the screen, can be attacked from the front or from behind, and have to make decisions, with some morale implications. \n\n**Swap minions**\n\nThe view from the player's perspective is always the same: your party walking in a row, one behind the other, and no member can get ahead of others. So if one minion is slow, the ones behind it will  be left behind, and if he goes off screen because the row is too large, you lose him.  \nSo far the only thing you can do is swap order of the minions so as to layout the party differently, and that can have some consequences.\n\n**Aging**\n\nParty members age, so you have to find a way to make new young members to join eventually to keep the game going.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Morality meter**\n\nThere's a ""morality meter"" (not visible to the player) that determines how ""satisfied"" or happy your team is based on decisions you make or things that happen based on your decisions.\n\nFor instance, if you let some party member die, it may impact heavily in the team and have consequences as some members leaving the team.\n\n  \n**Type of minions**  \n\n\n* Wanderer: \n   * he has the best vision of all except for the wolf, so in night time or in a dark dungeon,  it might be better to put him in front, leading, to see what's ahead.\n   * the more closer to the back of the formation he is, the less he will be able to see ahead and anticipate attacks from enemies ahead.\n   * if he dies, you lose the game  \n\n* Woman: \n   * they are the only ones that can collect food in the path. \n   * they walk slowly, so when you see food on the floor ahead, you might want to move the woman quickly to the front of the row to get the food before it gets spoiled. \n   * since she's slow, the minions behind her will see themselves slowed down in consequence and may get off screen or be attacked by an enemy coming from behind.\n   * is weak, so if she's in the front line and an enemy shows up in front, she'll be in danger.\n   * letting a woman to die or get lost will impact on the morale of the party heavily.\n   * she can get pregnant, moment in which you have to be more protective of her since if something happens to her, the morale is even more affected.\n   * the child she will give birth to (not in 9 real months, of course) will join the team.  \n\n* Child: \n   * walks really slow and doesn't do much. \n   * you just have to protect him for morality reasons (letting him die or lost is the worst you can do in the game) and for him to become one more of the party when he becomes a grown up (in the next scene/level or two).\n* Orc: \n   * he's the only one that can attack enemies and resist attacks.\n   * they are short sighted so putting him in front may not always be a good decision.\n* Old man: \n   * they are just a wanderer that has become old. \n   * they don't have very good sight as their younger self but can paralize NPC animals that can attack you and scare them so they run away.\n* Wolf: \n   * best vision of all in the dark and good hearing to detect enemies farther away, even when enemies are not in screen yet\n   * they howl when they see danger nearby. \n   * Of course, they can detect danger the more ahead they are in the formation.\n   * they will attack enemy NPCs but also ""neutral"" NPCs you find in your way. You might want to have neutral NPCs join your party, so you have to be careful so that your wolf doesn't attack them.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nNow, with this context, any mechanic you think could be interesting to add? Any crazy idea could lead into something interesting, so just... shoot."
gitcht,[Eerie/atmospheric] Player suffering from agoraphobia,"Story about a man and agoraphobia features multiple endings possibly based off sanity level and path you take. Could have panicc attacc based off of said sanity level. First person game in grey scale or monochromatic color scheme, story told through progression and events of spookiness. No text and all visuals.   \n\n\nPlayer would basically go day to day trying to either avoid or face the real world, if you don't make any progress over x amount of time your episodes would kick in and eventually would cause a less then stellar ending. You can combat it by talking to friends, interacting with objects around the house, maybe a therapist of some sort or pills to destress. Window is borded or blocked up and as stress goes up the planks of wood break and spooky bois are outside and can trigger jumpscares.   \n\n\nAs the story goes on the complex could open up to allow the player to roam hallways or maybe he works in the apartment doing janitorial work? Landlady could be the only person he can talk to and become obsessive over her to a highly creepy aspect? Dogs/pets/noises from other apartments could cause different events?"
gitah1,Jrpg inspired by Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy,"Here's a game I've been slowly tinkering with for the past 20 years or so using various tools.\nRpgtoolkit is where I started way back in the day, then I moved on through a couple different versions of RPGMaker, and I've been on RPGMaker VXAce for a few years now.\nEach time I switch to a new platform, I scrap everything I made previously because the newer program has more features, blah blah.\nAnyway.\n\nThe game is currently called ""Utrilia"" named after the world it takes place on.\nYou play Dolan, the son of a local clockmaker who specializes in ancient techniques. One day Dolan's dad gets an order for one of his ancient clocks from the king of a neighboring kingdom. The father is too old to deliver the clock himself, so he sends Dolan to deliver it.\nDolan arrives with the clock to find that the King's advisor was actually the one who ordered the clock.\nThe reason being that the king was at his personal cottage away from town when a boulder fell from a nearby mountain and blocked the path. The kingdom had ancient destructive magic locked away in a tower that could remove the boulder, but the key to the tower was lost centuries ago.\nLuckily, the key was actually a gear from an ancient clock.\nAnyway, fast forward.\n\nDolan goes back to town to recruit a thief to help him break into the tower, they save the king from a demon trying to possess his body, demon tells his plan to possess other world leaders, Dolan and thief (Nash) go on a mission to warn other leaders, then they face off against the demon again.\nDemon opens a time portal to escape the fight, and goes to the past, but heroes are thrown the to future.\nTime travel ensues, things are changed left and right, and one character is worshipped as a god.\n\n...\n\nHelp me rewrite this?\nAll I have beyond the first fight to save the king is just a basic concept.\nAny thoughts on fun bits you'd like to see in an SNES style Jrpg?"
git0i5,Metroid Prime 4: True Fear,"In nearly every Metroid title, there's a brief scene near or at the beginning where Samus loses all the powers and abilities she had gained by the end of the previous game. (Or she was just not allowed to use her powers... Looking at you, Other M.)\nAnyway, imagine a Metroid title, either 2D or within the Prime series that follows that same line.\nSamus responds to a distress call, or she follows a bounty, whatever, and she crashes on an alien planet then loses her abilities...\nLike normal, she progresses through the game, gaining her abilities back, and finally faces the boss.\n...\n...\nShe's overconfident because she's fully powered up, and on the first hit from the boss, she loses her powers again.\n...\nThe player has slowly gotten used to having all of Samus' powers at their disposal, and now they face the final boss in her weakest, base form.\nNow the player has to rely completely on skill alone with no fancy upgrades.\nTo make this boss encounter even harder, I would want to see Samus get some truly awesome powers before losing them. Powers like\nTrue flight. Not just the screw attack, but the ability to fly anywhere.\nX-Ray vision to detect enemy weak points.\nAbility to control machines to help her, like gun turrets.\nMaybe even some kind of energy sword like Zero from MMX.\n...\nAgain, the player gets used to this, and expects to be able to use them in the final battle because that's the way it's always been. But no.\n\nI think this would be incredibly challenging yet fun."
gistkq,Evolution of battle,"For maybe a replay-able arcade style game You would have an army of cavemen with spears that you drag around to conquer cities, first its just capturing cities on a flat map but your units evolve after a while into antiquity styled soldiers with shields and jazz, and more groups of them spawn. You need to make sure they are facing new enemies that try to attack you as you are capturing more cities. As you progress more regiments spawn and it gets more complicated, like archers and cannons are added and it goes into modern day and keeps getting more and more complicated until all of your soldiers are captured or you miss a city. The game isn’t supposed to be super deep, just think of the complexity in the game jam game [Right Click to Necromanse](https://juicybeast.itch.io/right-click-to-necromance). I was just thinking of a couple enemy types and a couple units that while they do change visually act the same throughout.\n\nIt is really an arcade style game, where you are given the basics but then need to understand silent rules that are given to you like, “you need to move one type of unit to fight this type” and the main goal is to get a high score."
giqm0e,Should I Try Crowdfunding Guys?,"Hello everyone, I have a game idea that will literally take multiple hours to breakdown but it's essentially a life simulator game of games.\n\nYou see, one way, or another, I'm making this idea for my own enjoyment regardless of money but I am hoping maybe people might want this just enough to pay me for me to give up working and spend the next year manifesting my childhood matrix dream game into Dreams on the PS4.\n\nHonestly, without Dreams, I might have needed to take 5-7 years over maybe just 1 now.\n\nIf I could explain how it all works in one phrase, well imagine Minecraft seeds except they are used not only for the world but characters, galaxys and stories told in them. The goal is to make world building so fast you can finally free yourself from creative limitations and play any conceptual idea you want to test out through the conceptual weaving and merging of seed data compilation, tweaking assets and stories into whatever you want to play. Man, it's hard being so short here.\n\nSo, if anyone is interested in this, let me know and I can answer whatever infinite question you have. Really I am just seeing if anyone takes this seriously or not, if not I guess we'll have to wait on it.\n\nAnyhow, I could go on, but my goal is done now. Let's see if my bait works, otherwise I'll just fish somewhere else."
ginssh,Stickman (Horror),"So I was thinking of a idea of a horror game called Stickman, which is kinda like Slenderman but a bit different.\n You were falsely accused of murder and sent to  Lillydale prison for life. Lillydale prison is far away from any other town and is where the people that commit severe crimes get sent to. The guards wake you up for morning role call. Once that is over it's breakfast time, while you are eating breakfast you meet up with a random guy named Tony. Tony then gives you a idea of how to escape, by pick locking. Tony then gives you a price of metal so small that you can pick locks. He says to wait until night time to do it and that the player must do it when the guards are off of night watch. Luckily, the guards don't overhear the conversation with Tony (just because the game needs to progress). The game then cuts to yard time in which you meet Tony again. Tony then tells you before you leave you must go into the guards office and grab a flashlight and a axe. Then he reminds you that you must wait until the guards are off watch. The game then cuts to night time, that's when you make your move. You proceed to wait until the guards are off watch. Then you get some wood that's in the cell to cover under the blanket to make it look like the protagonist's hair. When the gaurds are away from the cell the protagonist picks the lock making it unlock the cell door. The player then must sneak to the gaurds office. If the guards are in there, then the player must wait for them to leave. The player then must grab a flashlight and a axe like Tony said to grab. Then you must avoid the guards and escape the prison. But that, is only part of my idea. Stickman, otherwise know as ""The creature in the deep"", is after you. You must try to find a town while avoiding Stickman. Otherwise, you will get eaten alive. The flashlight and the axe are one of the most important things, The flashlight will be needed to light the way. The axe, is a weapon to use against Stickman. When you use it, Stickman will be gone for 30 seconds. Eventually, after a while of surviving Stickman, you find a old house. The house has a gun and flashlight batteries in it. You can use the gun to make Stickman be gone for 45 seconds. Flashlight batteries to restore flashlight power. Your flashlight power will decrease over time. When your flashlight dies, Stickman will jumpscare you and it will be game over. Luckily there is checkpoints. There are also little rocks with faces you can collect. Once you collect them all, you will get a bonus flashlight battery. Not much, but at least you get that. There are also pages that will lead the way to town. Once you get in the forest, you will meet a dog that will help fight Stickman. Stickman will be gone for 1 minute when the dog attacks. Scattered throughout the forest are flashlight batteries just so you won't get a game over that much. But, you will also see dead bodies from Stickman's victims. When you get into town, you will be caught by the police, but during your court trial you won't be found guilty because you have enough evidence to prove you're innocent. The protagonist will only serve 6 months in prison for escaping. After that the protagonist lives happy with her new doggie yay! I just thought of this off the top of my head, criticism is welcome! (Also stickman is a stick with hands and legs not a stickman like in drawings)"
gpvzxn,A Paper-Mario-like RPG with resource management divided into two character,"I like a lot the combat system from Paper Mario and have been imagining a game with most of its mechanics in mind. I wanted to give it a spin, so, as the title already says it, I had the idea of dividing resource management into two separate characters. They would both have their one or two basic attacks, but one would have to craft objects from parts picked from defeated enemies, bought or found during exploration, while the other's most powerful moves consume the equivalent of FPs. I can see the former serving as support, while the latter is more of the DPS.\n\nDoes that sound interesting?"
gpursc,Paranormal Interactive story telling,"Immersive Game Idea. \nInteractive story telling, Single player, small scenario maps similar to  life is strange, Heart beat meter will show up when a paranormal choice is about to be made. Buildable relationships with a percentage or level system that can go up or down. It is really up to the developer on how many choices. It doesn’t have to be hundreds, just a couple in order for the player to feel immersed in the world created. Able to feel connected to the other characters.\n(This post includes different scenarios to help understand the game idea a little bit better, the developer can change aspects into what they want too)\n\n:Game: \nTo truly understand the player and the story the real gameplay would be when they try again.\nAll of us feel different. We have our own stories, our own origins, our own endings. We only really know ourselves do we not? We try our best to make the most optimal decisions with what we have. We know that what we perceive to be the truth, what we perceive  to be black and white and maybe even a little grey is all based from what we have experienced. This interactive story telling game idea is about getting rid of the black and white and grey. There is a colorless view, and even then surrounding that is just who we are as an individual. So what if we made a game that does just that. Do you really know what is good and what is bad, does it exist or do you just try to survive.\n\nLet us dive in.\n\nThis game idea is about a girl who has seen ghosts since early childhood. It is a representation, an idea that each of us is different. Let us assume that deep down most of us have felt it like a paper cut that never really goes away. The idea that throughout our lives we as individuals have made decisions. Decisions that seem to make up exactly who we are. But has it? Do our decisions really make us? And if they do, who are you really? How many times have you lied because it was easier than saying the truth. How many times have you said the truth and it was seen as a lie. How many times have you done nothing and found out you should have, or when you did and found out you shouldn’t. This game represents the internal termoil of your decisions by creating it externally which will effect the world around you. \n\n.The Story.\n\nAt the start of  the game the player is a little girl sitting  in a car, their family pulls up into the driveway of a small house. Her mom and dad and sister get out and they bring in some groceries together. It turns out that it is a haunted house. At the brief intro to the game the player will find out pretty quickly that the main character was abused during child hood, one parent secretly believes she has abilities and the other one resents it. \n\nDuring the start of the game her step mom will become agitated by the player. The step mom will be a character that most people would not necessarily be sympathetic too as she makes the kids do the house chores while she sits on the sofa. The main character will be washing the dishes and her step mom comes in to scold her for not finishing them fast enough. The main character will be locked in the basement with a shadow thing. The player can decide to try and run up the steps which her step mother will be right next to the door and will drag her back down to the basement, telling her not to expect to come upstairs again, which will lead into the other decisions. The player will hear a door creek open from across the basement with footsteps and a dragging sound in the dark coming closer and closer to them. They can then decide 1. To call for help, no one will come down and the heartbeat meter will go up. 2. To do nothing, the heartbeat meter will go up and the player will faint. Waking up when the basement door opens and her step mom tells her she is allowed to come back up. 3. To ask who is there, nothing will answer her and the sounds will keep coming closer with the same ending as choice 2. 3. To hide, the player will then be lead into an action scene where they have to navigate the dark basement. An arrow will show the direction of the objective which is an old storage room at the other side of the basement. After the character navigates their way through the dark they reach the room and close the door. There is loud banging coming from the other side of the door. The player will then investigate and find the light switch, once the light turns on the banging stops and she lays down and falls asleep on a sofa that had been stored in the room. Her Dad wakes her up and asks her why she fell asleep in the basement. The player can choose 1. Say nothing, the dad smiles and says he bought some breakfast and they go upstairs together. 2. Say there is something down there, her dad dismisses it and says “nothing is down here but you kiddo. It was just a nightmare. I bought some breakfast just for you guys.” They go upstairs together. A scene shows them going up the basement steps making happy small talk, the door closes and the screen pans slowly to the storage room. \n\nAfter a divorce their family moves to a town for a new start. On their last night at their old house the player finishes up helping her dad pack. The player walks to her bedroom now filled with boxes. She falls asleep and ends up in a strange vivid dream. It is a foggy night and she appears in the middle of a smooth street. There is light shining down from a full moon. The player can choose to 1. Call out for someone, the main character will yell “hello?” Her voice will echo but nothing will answer, leading into the second choice. 2. Walk around. The player will wander around a limited space. There are houses to the right and a high-school to the left. The player can choose to walk up to a few of the houses. The windows are open as the player walks over to the houses she can hear the muffled voices of people talking but no one is inside. A males voice cheers and she can see a tv which is on playing what looks like a sports channel. When the player walks over into the direction of the school there is a sign lit up. The player can interact with the sign, if they do the character will wipe mist off of the plastic covering. “Prominence HighSchool”. After the interaction with the sign the next stage would be for the character to walk on a street next to the sign, it will lead up a hill. The hill will have a forest the the left side and the top of a water tower can be seen Above the trees. It will have a red blinking light at the top of it giving an eerie feeling as it blinks within the fog. A scene will cut and it will show the main character walking up the road, she stops and turns to her right. She is standing in front of a house and the camera moves backwards very slowly. The scene immediately goes black and an alarm clock is heard. The player can see a hand hit the alarm clock, shutting it off. Its her Dad. “Come on kiddo, it’s time to wake up. Your uncles came over to help and we finished packing up the rest. Go get ready, I bought some breakfast.” The player gets the main character ready to eat breakfast, brushing her teeth, picking out an outfit, they can walk around the house interacting with different objects. The Dad is reading a newspaper in the kitchen and her uncles are chatting. Her sister grabs some orange juice from the fridge. When breakfast is done her Dad asks them to throw the garbage into a bag for him and he empties the fridge. When they are done he grabs the garbage bags and tells them to grab the few boxes left in their bedroom. He walks outside and throws it away. A scene cuts to the basement, you can hear the uncles briefly talking upstairs about just leaving the old kitchen table there. The player can hear their footsteps above the floorboards as the children run excitedly for the last boxes in their bedroom. The scene goes from facing the open basement door at the top of the steps to the ceiling as the footsteps run out of the bedroom and to the front door then they can hear the front door close. The scene pans from facing the ceiling slowly over to the old storage room. The light flickers inside of it eventually turning off and the scene cuts to black. \n\nThe main character is in the car with her Dad and her sister. As they are driving around the player can look around the car and outside the window. The sister and the dad are talking to each other. The sister makes a comment about how weird it is to be in a town without a potholes. Their dad reassures that it is a nice town with good schools. That they would make a lot of friends there. They drive past a high-school and up a hill but in a way that it isn’t too noticeable for the player. The player is seated in the back right seat of the car and can basically only see outside the right window and her Dad and her sister in the front seat. They pull up and the car comes to a stop. Their dad says “alright here we are” her sister says “last one in is a rotten egg!”. When the player opens the car door they are standing in front of the house from her dream. \n\nBefore the school year starts she hangs out in the forest across from her house and draws and listens to the trees and birds. The player can choose what she draws from around her. It turn out the town is scared of the forest but she isn’t aware of it yet.\n\nThe divorce of their parents is hard on her sister. Her sister starts to run away frequently by climbing out of the bedroom window. The player can decide whether to attempt to convince her to stay, to tell their dad, to keep it a secret or to pretend she didn’t see anything. Her sister running away becomes a heartbreak for the characters Dad. They go for a walk or a coffee or they go on a drive each one makes the relationship percentage with her Dad higher. A family member who they never met before had just gotten out of prison. He comes and visits and it seems he conviced everyone that he changed his ways. He buys everyone gifts and shares memories from his childhood with her Dad and other family members. The character can talk to him and he seems nice whenever they interact. If they interact with the other family members they talk about how much he changed or memories they have from when he was a kid. If the player talks to the characters Dad then he ends up talking about how much the family member has grown up since he’s last seen him. During one visit he walks into the players room and starts to pet and pat the player characters head, resting his hand on it. You can hear the characters thoughts that it was “becoming weird”. A heartbeat meter shows up and the player can ask him to leave so she can 1. Play music or 2. Play video games or 3. Draw. The bedroom door is open and the player can see that her sister finished a shower and her sister starts to walk over to her own bedroom door. The family member walks into the hallway and the player can hear the door to her sisters room close. When the player is done looking around the main characters room, listening to music, playing video games, watching tv or drawing. The sister walks into the players bedroom, she closes the door, says nothing to the player and tries to climb out of her window. When the main character asks her what she is doing her sister says that their family member touched her. The player can decide to convince her sister to stay but it leads into her sister convincing the main character that leaving is all she can do and she climbs out of the window. The player can decide to tell their Dad upstairs but depending on the players timing the bad family member either ends up being beaten up badly and driving away or they drive off in their car. Her sister will still end up climbing out the window. The player can decide to keep it a secret. Which ends up with their Dad coming in and telling her goodnight, moments later their Dad comes back in and asks where her sister went. The player can decide whether to tell their Dad or not. The bad family member already left and their Dad ends up not hurting anyone. The relationship between the main character and the dad goes down. Her sister doesn’t come back again and she becomes involved with some bad people. \n\nDuring the middleschool years the main character has a hard time making friends. Their family doesn’t really talk to anyone in town and is seen as strange because they don’t have two parents. As the game progresses through middleschool the characters dad decides to make a nice dinner to cheer them up. He asks her to pick up something from the store since he is cooking but he forgot something. When the player enters the store they can hear townspeople talking in the store about their family and mentions her sister, assuming she had run away and became a dope addict. Another townsmember comments “such a shame, she was so young”. The third person in the group states “why are they here, people like them ruin the good name of this town. I heard the father is abusive, he beat their mother and I can’t blame her for leaving her daughters. I mean look how they turned out”. The screen around the player starts to get darker. A heartbeat meter shows up. Smokey flickering shadow orbs can be seen circling the main character. She can hear whispers, some of them say “You should hurt them” “fear” “let me hurt them” “pain” “let us help you”. The player has to choose whether to direct shadows to hurt them, to scare them, to haunt them or to leave them alone and walk away. If the player chooses to 1. let the shadows hurt them one of the people will have a cardiac arrest, the two other adults who had been talking with them will not know what to do other than to call for help and scream while bystanders try to help. If the player chooses to 2. scare them, a few items on the grocery store shelf will fall. They won’t be scared but they will notice the main character and say “oh look, let’s just go”, one of them will say “such a weird girl, I wouldn’t let her be friends with one of my kids”, the other will just scoff. They will walk away and nothing will happen. If the girl decides to 3. let the shadows haunt them then a shadow in a hat will appear but only she could see it. The character will nod and the shadow will follow them as the group leaves the store. Throughout the game the player can read in the newspaper or hear on the local news broadcast of each one of them dying in a car accident. Later this will come up when a bully calls her the ghost girl and says she probably killed them. If the player decides to 4. walk away nothing will really happen but the group will look at her and the conversation between the group from the decision 2. to scare them will play out. \n\nAs the main character walks to school she can either 1. Take the forest route, she will avoid the bullies. Or 2. Risk it and take the faster route, she will meet the bullies. During her walks to home from school there is a little red fox who will follow her. She can 1. Shoo it away, it will run away and it won’t watch her being bullied. Or 2. Feed it, it will follow her and see her become bullied. \n\nOne night she is watching tv upstairs with one of her uncles and her Dad. She walks downstairs and brushes her teeth for bed. The player can hear her uncle up stairs say “I saw a strange shadow right here in the living room” she can here her dad say “oh come on quit kidding around with me” her uncle replies “really, Telling the truth. He had a hat on and a trench coat. He stood right there next to the stairs.” They can hear the dads voice say “you gotta get more sleep”. Conversations ends. \nThe player leads the character to bed. That night the girl will have a nightmare. She will be in the darker(explained later). As the player investigates the player will have a choice to call out. If they do the character will yell out “hello?” A shadow will creep up in the distance. It is too far away to see if it is a person. A screeching sound plays and the player will be lead into an action seen. Semi humanoid shadows will climb on the walls around her, the player can hear bricks falling and breaking on the sidewalk behind them as they run. They turn the corner and see a forest on the outskirts of the city. The player has to tap a button to sprint through a small field of grass. The sound of the shadows behind her becomes louder and louder, dirt grazes past her face flying from behind her. She almost makes it. Then she wakes up, it’s a bright sunny morning.\n\nThe player gets the character ready for class, picking out her outfit or interacting with different objects in her room. The main character says “I should get something to eat.” The player goes upstairs and interacts with things in the kitchen and decides what she should eat. The player can hear her uncle talking in the living room about a weird dream he had. Her Dad laughs and asks him what it was. He then goes on about a fox running in their house, it seems rabid. He woke up and heard banging and scratching on his bedroom door. Her uncle says it was just a weird dream for him but when he checked the door there where actual scratches. Her Dad doesn’t believe him so he takes them downstairs to his room and shows them. The camera pans to the bedroom door and slowly moves closer to the deep scratch marks on it. You can hear in the background her uncle saying “see I said it was real” and her dads voice saying “oh would ya look at that...strange” screen cuts to black.\n\nThroughout the school year the girl has paranormal experiences. She can see her classmates dead relatives in class and some shadows. The player can choose to interact with the ghosts in order to gain information in return for a favor. Throughout the game the player doesn’t necessarily have to interact with them, it is really just up to the player if they do you not. If they are a player who likes to have a lot of information at hand or if the player just wants to skip it all and continue playing. The shadows are different, they can influence her classmates and the environment, the player can choose to intervene or not. At one time she ends up saying something briefly when trying to deescalate a situation between two classmates. What she says is something that only her classmate and the dead relative could know. A name. She is then made fun of, she becomes a target for the bullies and is called the ghost girl. This further makes it harder for her to have friends.\n\nIn the hallway during the school day when something tries to talk to her time seems to move slower. She can hear whispers all around her. The heart beat meter shows up. Everything is foggy and moving seems to make trailing images of anything around her. She faints frequently and furthers herself from her classmates. The user can choose whether to stay after class, go to lunch or sit in the class to have lunch. They can choose whether to go to the playground for recess or under the bleachers or into the forest. Different spots give either interactions with her classmates or with the shadows or ghosts. The player can decide what to do which will further the story in different ways. In one way she can become friends with a boy or a girl. The boy will believe the player and the girl will not and the player will have to hide it from them to keep the friendship. Another choice would be that the shadows will attempt to become “friends” and gain her permission to hurt or haunt the nightmares of her bullies. If the player chooses to haunt her bullies she can enter into their nightmares and the player can het information about them. The player can choose what the shadows will do to scare the bullies in the nightmares or if it goes too far the player can choose to try and stop it. Each time she decides not to stop it the shadows will come back to her making her darker inside. \n\nThe shadows come from a place the girl calls the darker. A world that mimics hers, it is darker and more broken and the sun does not shine in the darker. Nothing is quite right like there will be rooms without doors or light switches, there are no people and it has a lot of different types of shadow beings. Some with claws that cling to the walls, some that look like humans and some that just don’t look right. Throughout the game the main character will notice that some of the people around her seem to be going dark. The player can choose to save the character from the darker or not to save them. If she doesn’t save them they can become physically ill, violent or mentally unstable later on, this will effect different scenes and outcomes. She forms a friendship with one of the shadows who continues to show up throughout her childhood into adulthood. But there is another one which is more malevolent. The good one wears a bowlers hat, he shows up in the forest when she is drawing. The bad one wears a hat and a long coat. Both seem to further the players abilities, one can hurt and influence the environment such as turning off lights and flicking the fire alarm. The good one can show her what will happen in the future. The good one will try and advise her which ghosts are bad and which ones are good, the bad one will try and tell her she is strong and can hurt people who deserve it or can absorb them which will leave the player to decide for themselves. \n\nDuring a class in Highschool the girl is in a world philosophies class. The teacher has everyone place their individual desks with their backs towards the wall for an open discussion, it creates a circle. The teachers starts a discussion leading into a question and asks the class if they had any paranormal experiences. While the class is talking some of them talk about their own and during this the girl starts the hear whispers. One of the whispers is louder than the others and says “stand up”. She is nervous and doesn’t do it. As the discussion cools down a blonde haired student sitting in the desk beside her nudges her elbow and asks the girl if she has any stories. This girl ends up being the girl from earlier that the player had a choice on whether to be friends with them or not. The teacher asks one more time if anyone else has anything else to say. The shadow with the bowlers hat shows up in the middle of the circle and says “get up” she immediately stands up. Not knowing what to say. The teacher asks her if she has anything to say. The player can decide what to say whether it is about ghosts or the shadows or what the shadow with the bowlers hat says that time and space looks like, but it ultimately leads into this. She has a vision of a some kids in a vehicle she cant see their faces because they are out of the frame. The voices are lightly muffled. When the player looks towards the front seat to find more clues a tree shows up in the headlights. It cuts to a shot of long brown hair laying on the metal hood of a vehicle. She ends up describing the death of a classmate who would die before their graduation. That she has long brown hair. \nAs she scans the room to find out who the girl is so she can save her before it happens she glances at one girl with a hoody on and the player continues looking. The students are visibly upset and scared and some are intrigued. The teacher asks her to sit down and points to the board. “This is another philosophers idea, that will be your homework for tonight”. The bell rings and class is over.\nThe player has a chance to investigate each day to find clues on who the girl could be. If she tries to ask the shadow with the bowlers hat who she is he isn’t able to help her find out more. In the end the player doesn’t find out in time which girl would die. The player can decide whether or not to continue their relationship with the shadow who has the bowlers hat or to attempt to grieve the death of her classmate and live a normal life by trying to keep her gifts closed.\n\nAfter signing up for college the player will meet a boy and a girl there. The player will choose who she opens up too about her abilities and the main character will form a relationship with the other character. She will be offered to move in with them. If the player decides to move in then the main characters sister will call her. She is in an abusive relationship, she tells the player that she is beaten and forcibly being sold into prostitution and she needs to run away from him or she will be killed. The characters boyfriend/girlfriend does not agree to it. The player can decide to save her sister and let her stay with her and end the relationship, or the player can decide to remain in the relationship with her partner who in the end can pull her out of the darkness if the player becomes too dark from their choices. The character will try to build a relationship with her sister again and the main character really missed her and seems at first ecstatic. After the main character starts to have issues paying for the bills on her own and taking care of her sister, she sells the car. Her sister proposes meeting an older man with money who offers them both a car. The player can either decide to meet him or not. If the player initially decides to do it, after they show up to the restaurant the player can decide whether to meet him or go back home. If the player wants to meet him he is very off putting and creepy. He would give them money and a car for a kiss and possibly more. The player can again decide whether to do this or not. The player can choose to give him a kiss with nothing more and get the car and the money, or they can get up and leave with nothing. The guy is creepy and makes a creepy comment afterwards that he will see them again. They grab the keys and the money and leave. Afterwards, despite whatever decision the player makes, the characters sister seems to become distant. In the end whether the player chose to help the sister or not, the characters sister will end up blaming the player for what happened to her for years after she ran away from home as a little girl and the sister will run away again. Back to her abusive ex.\nIf the player decides not to move in and to stay with her parents then her parents will agree to help her sister. In the end her sister will drive a wrench in her and her dad and new stepmoms relationship. Believing that the main character is seen as a perfect daughter and that she is not. The sister will open up to the main character and their parents about how she blames her for what happened to her all those years ago. She will run away back to her abusive ex. The main character will remain in the relationship and she and her partner will move into an apartment together in a city closer to the school. (As the story progresses the relationships between certain characters will be important. Either her dad will have a slight chance to pull her out of the darkness  or her partner will. Her partner will have a stronger chance to do it as her dads new found wife does not believe in any of it and throughout the story will end up lowering the relationship percentage between the main character and his character. So it is important what choices are made.)\n\nThe girl grows up and is about the start college. She moved into another place in the city for school and takes on another job to pay for college and for her apartment. If she is still in a relationship she wont be seen in the game taking on a second job. During the job she sees a shadow being who has engulfed one of her coworkers. She pretends not to see it (either because she is trying to live a normal life or because she is scared) even when it glances right at her and she continues a conversation with her coworker to conceal it. As she looks back and the player scans items in front of them a heart meter goes up and the player can hear the main character say in her head that its getting cold. On the edge of the players screen they can see some fingers creep around the corner of the shelf they are at. The player can either look or continue scanning. The shadow continues to move past the edge and peer over at the player. The player will hear the girl think “i cant let it know I can see it”. Eventually the player will find the item and scan it. Whether they want to help their coworker find an item and get out of there will be a timed action event, it is up to the player. If they do both of them are safe, if they don’t the coworker becomes sick and eventually stops coming into work. Soon after the shadow being appears the player receives another mission to scan an item from that same spot. When they return a heart meter shows up and the player can decide whether they want to open their eye and look around the area for the shadow or not. If they open it they will see nothing there anyway. They will walk over to the same spot and retrieve an item for the customers order. As they are leaving that spot a ghost appears begging them for help, the player can hear the character think “what if that shadow thing is still here, if it sees me talking to him then it will definitely find out that I saw it”. (But then a brief flash back scene starts and the face if her classmate shows up, the player can hear the main charater say “I wish I could have helped her too”. Then it fades back to the game) The player has to navigate through the warehouse while the ghost continues to appear trying to get in their way and speak with them. At times the the warehouse around the character would blink and appear just as it did back in the early 1900’s. Full of people with uniforms from that era. The screen will show a memory of a woman and a child during the memory she can hear the male ghosts voice say “emma, her name was emma”. Eventually when the player has to retrieve an item in a secluded closet like room full of clothes and hangers the ghost appears again right next to them. The character can decide whether they want to help the ghost or not. If they do the ghost will attach themselves to her so she can take it to the graves of his past wife who died during childbirth and their daughter who died a few months afterward. Once the player is at the site of the graves she is standing in front of them. The scene cuts to a pan of both of the graves and to a bird sitting on a branch within the leaves of a tree. The character says “alright I am here, the deal is done”. Nothing happens and the sound of the leaves become louder. The heart beat meter shows up. Whatever the player does they wont ever know the real outcome of what they did. If they helped the ghost or not. But they will hear the girls thoughts say “oh no, what if he was the shadow”. The scene will cut to the leaves again and the bird flying off. The screen fades away and a sound of the heart beat flatlines.\nIf they decide not to help the ghost it will fade away and a scene will begin. It will show the leaves of a tree, the bird is not seen. It then shows two graves. There is a woman standing with a little girl holding her hand. A slight breeze tussles their hair and dresses. Both of them are standing in front of the graves looking at them then the woman and the little girl both fade away into thin air. The sound of a heartbeat fades away into a flatline. Scene cuts to black. \n\nLater on near the end of the game the male friend from middleschool will develop abilities but the main character is unaware of it. It doesn’t matter if the player became friends with them or not by their decisions. The player will end up playing that male character and if they became friends with him then they would recognize the name they hear and see in his thoughts and on his bills and ID they find around his place. Even if they didn’t become friends with him they still would have met him a few times, throughout the school scenes the player will hear other classmates calling over to him, or a teacher calling his name to answer a question but not enough to become too obvious. Now that he had grown up there are shadows all around him, he ends up going to sleep and is having a dream in the darker. Everything is messed up, the street is broken with pot holes and cracked and there are street lights which emit no light. Some of the street lights look broken and are laying in the street like something ran into them or they just rusted over time. There are claw marks on the sides of the broken brick skyscrapers. Practically all of the windows are broken for each building. Then as the player is walking they see a street light flicker. This is where he sees the main character walking and leading him through an alley way then into a room. It looks likes the old basement. When she turns around she disappears and he is surrounded by shadow things clicking, they have long fingers with claws. As the player moves the camera the character wont be able to move, they will just hear his breathing echoing and getting louder. They hear a screech and the shadow things charge in his direction. He wakes up before they got to him.\n\nIf the main character becomes too dark he will not see her in his dream and the light will not flicker. The player will end up walking in the city street or down the same alley way the main character would have taken them too. A timed even will start. They will be chased by shadows climbing on the walls, the player can climb over things or tip things over. If they make it to the room they can lock it and then they will wake up. If they don’t make it to the room they will get caught and become surrounded in darkness. The player will wake up and a few days would have passed. If the player interacts with the calendar, the tv or the alarm clock or a cellphone the main character would think “ how long was I out?”.\n\nWhen the girl turns 20 or so that character will come to her and try to find answers. If the player decides to help that character by telling them what they learned throughout the game (unlocked knowledge) the situation will get worse for the male character. Depending on the choices the player made that influenced her darker level. Despite the players choices the male character has a higher chance to blame the player for what is happening to him. And remember at one point this male character believed her stories, they had a friendship if the player chose that route.\n\nIn the end the player is either the good guy or the bad guy. They can save, hurt or remain neutral. But more chances than not they will be seen as the bad guy in the end, except to a few of the characters they may or may not have interacted with. Simply because the main character is just different. The player can change the end of the story many times but whatever the player realizes in the end it will be deeper and personal to each individual player based on their choices and impact.\nDoes it matter how the game sees the player if the player tried to make the best possible decisions? Does the player care that the game labeled them as bad? And what chances did the player have to be seen as good. Or is the player simply human.\n\nIt makes me think what someone would do if they weren't believed. If there was nothing holding them back from being quote on quote "" bad "". Does it make them bad or do they just seek a truth behind it ? And what truth is that to the player. Is it the idea of white and black? That simply doing something good would change anything for them or how it ends? If it didn't would they play it again in a different way. And in what way would that really change the story. Would they try and stay neutral simply in a balance act in what they think is a gray area . When really there is no color at all to it. Its just the truth. Its just what they experienced and what they experienced is what happened in the game. Nothing more and nothing less.\n\nSo in the end the player can either accept the ending or try again. Will they choose to make the darker decisions knowing what the end would be. By making those decisions would the player feel like they won the game then because they felt they already would know what the outcome would be. What would hold them back? Would the player try to make better decisions in hopes to make a better outcome? What would it be. In the end only the player knows what the real moral of the story is. It’s them."
gpp9h4,"How to embed respawning into the world so that it makes sense? Any ideas, videos, articles, ...input?",
gpp93m,A Suikoden-inspired dark fairytale RPG idea,"You start of as Little Red Riding Hood (Red) who has woken from a nightmare of her death and countless others, only to be sent by Red’s mother to give medicine and food to her granny. The similarity to the fairy tales not too long separate from what we know and will happen, as she gains an unlikely ally who will change her fate.\n\nRed will enter many other fairytales and gain many friends who she will need to save her and many others stories from ruin and never-ending darkness, not originally of their world, that has seeped it’s way into the stories to destroy the lives of it’s inhabitants.\n\nAlmost everyone may become a ally/friend of those that will include: Big Bad Wolf, Huntsman, Granny, Three Little Pigs, Beast, Belle, Gaston (almost Disney ver but different in the end), Cinderella, and many others...\n\nAlso, it’d be 6 people team in battle with co-op based attacks, formations that give bonuses, and guarding, which can stop from becoming prone/unconscious due to certain attacks with different percentages of it happening in mind"
gpp2p8,Befriending NPCs: Any Ideas?,"Basically I need some help with designing ways for the player to ""befriend"" NPCs, without the need for voiced dialogue or unnecessary emoting."
gpo1x1,A simple turn-based board game that has hero pickings and item system.,A board game that focuses on players strategy and wit. A board game where he/she cant blame noxcept his/herself when losing.
gpn7ru,A game that challenges you to find out who you really are.,"\nAll of us feel different. We have our own stories, our own origins, our own endings. We only really know ourselves do we not? We try our best to make the most optimal decisions with what we have. We know that what we perceive to be the truth, what we perceive  to be black and white and maybe even a little grey is all based from what we have experienced. This interactive story telling game idea is about getting rid of the black and white of good and evil. There is a grey area, and even then surrounding that is just who we are as an individual. So what if we made a game that does just that. \n\nLet us dive in.\n\nThis game idea is about a girl who has seen ghosts since early childhood. It is a representation, an idea that each of us is different. Deep down most of us have felt, like a paper cut that never really goes away. The idea that throughout our lives we as individuals have made decisions. Decisions that seem to make up exactly who we are. But has it? Do our decisions really make us?\n\n\nAt the start of  the game they are in a car and they pull up to a small house. Her mom and dad and sister get out and they bring in some groceries together. It turns out that it is a haunted house. At the brief into to the game the main character was abused during child hood, one parent secretly believes she has abilities and the other one resents it. She will be locked in the basement with a shadow thing. The player can decide to try and run up the steps which her step mother will be right next to the door and will drag her back down to the basement, telling her not to expect to come upstairs again, which will lead into the other decisions. The player will hear a door creek open from across the basement with footsteps and a dragging sound in the dark coming closer and closer to them. They can then decide 1. To call for help, no one will come down and the heartbeat meter will go up. 2. To do nothing, the heartbeat meter will go up and the player will faint. Waking up when the basement door opens and her step mom tells her she is allowed to come back up. 3. To ask who is there, nothing will answer her and the sounds will keep coming closer with the same ending as choice 2. 3. To hide, the player will then be lead into an action scene where they have to navigate the dark basement. An arrow will show the direction of the objective which is an old storage room at the other side of the basement. After the character navigates their way through the dark they reach the room and close the door. There is loud banging coming from the other side of the door. The player will then investigate and find the light switch, once the light turns on the banging stops and she lays down and falls asleep on a sofa that had been stored in the room. Her Dad wakes her up and asks her why she fell asleep in the basement. The player can choose 1. Say nothing, the dad smiles and says he bought some breakfast and they go upstairs together. 2. Say there is something down there, her dad dismisses it and says “nothing is down here but you kiddo. It was just a nightmare. I bought some breakfast just for you guys.” They go upstairs together. A scene shows them going up the basement steps making happy small talk, the door closes and the screen pans slowly to the storage room. \n\nAfter a divorce their family moves to a town for a new start. On their last night at their old house the player finishes up helping her dad pack. The player walks to her bedroom now filled with boxes. She falls asleep and ends up in a strange vivid dream. It is a foggy night and she appears in the middle of a smooth street. There is light shining down from a full moon. The player can choose to 1. Call out for someone, the main character will yell “hello?” Her voice will echo but nothing will answer, leading into the second choice. 2. Walk around. The player will wander around a limited space. There are houses to the right and a high-school to the left. The player can choose to walk up to a few of the houses. The windows are open as the player walks over to the houses she can hear the muffled voices of people talking but no one is inside. A males voice cheers and she can see a tv which is on playing what looks like a sports channel. When the player walks over into the direction of the school there is a sign lit up. The player can interact with the sign, if they do the character will wipe mist off of the plastic covering. “Prominence HighSchool”. After the interaction with the sign the next stage would be for the character to walk on a street next to the sign, it will lead up a hill. The hill will have a forest the the left side and the top of a water tower can be seen Above the trees. It will have a red blinking light at the top of it giving an eerie feeling as it blinks within the fog. A scene will cut and it will show the main character walking up the road, she stops and turns to her right. She is standing in front of a house and the camera moves backwards very slowly. The scene immediately goes black and an alarm clock is heard. The player can see a hand hit the alarm clock, shutting it off. Its her Dad. “Come on kiddo, it’s time to wake up. Your uncles came over to help and we finished packing up the rest. Go get ready, I bought some breakfast.” The player gets the main character ready to eat breakfast, brushing her teeth, picking out an outfit, they can walk around the house interacting with different objects. The Dad is reading a newspaper in the kitchen and her uncles are chatting. Her sister grabs some orange juice from the fridge. When breakfast is done her Dad asks them to throw the garbage into a bag for him and he empties the fridge. When they are done he grabs the garbage bags and tells them to grab the few boxes left in their bedroom. He walks outside and throws it away. A scene cuts to the basement, you can hear the uncles briefly talking upstairs about just leaving the old kitchen table there. The player can head their footsteps as the children run excitedly for the last boxes in their bedroom. The scene goes from facing the open basement door at the top of the steps to the ceiling as the footsteps run out of the bedroom and to the front door then they can hear the front door close. The scene pans from facing the ceiling slowly over to old storage room. The light flickers inside of it eventually turning off and the scene cuts to black. \n\nThe main character is in the car with her Dad and her sister. As they are driving around the player can look around the car and outside the window. The sister and the dad are talking to each other. The sister makes a comment about how weird it is to be in a town without a potholes. Their dad reassures that it is a nice town with good schools. That they would make a lot of friends there. They drive past a high-school and up a hill but in a way that it isn’t too noticeable for the player. The player is seated in the back right seat of the car and can basically only see outside the right window and her Dad and her sister in the front seat. They pull up and the car comes to a stop. Their dad says “alright here we are” her sister says “first one in is a rotten egg!”. When the player opens the car door they are standing in front of the house from her dream. \n\nBefore the school year starts she hangs out in the forest across from her house and draws and listens to the trees and birds. The player can choose what she draws from around her. It turn out the town is scared of the forest but she isn’t aware of it yet.\n\nThe divorce of their parents is hard on her sister. Her sister starts to run away frequently by climbing out of the bedroom window. The player can decide whether to attempt to convince her to stay, to tell their dad, to keep it a secret or to pretend she didn’t see anything. Her sister running away becomes a heartbreak for the characters Dad. They go for a walk or a coffee or they go on a drive each one makes the relationship percentage with her Dad higher. A family member who they never met before had just gotten out of prison. He comes and visits and it seems he conviced everyone that he changed his ways. He buys everyone gifts and shares memories from his childhood with her Dad and other family members. The character can talk to him and he seems nice whenever they interact. If they interact with the other family members they talk about how much he changed or memories they have from when he was a kid. If the player talks to the characters Dad then he ends up talking about how much the family member has grown up since he’s last seen him. During one visit he walks into the players room and starts to pet and pat the player characters head, resting his hand on it. You can hear the characters thoughts that it was “becoming weird”. A heartbeat meter shows up and the player can ask him to leave so she can 1. Play music or 2. Play video games or 3. Draw. The bedroom door is open and the player can see that her sister finished a shower and her sister starts to walk over to her own bedroom door. The family member walks into the hallway and the player can hear the door to her sisters room close. When the player is done looking around the main characters room, listening to music, playing video games, watching tv or drawing. The sister walks into the players bedroom, she closes the door, says nothing to the player and tries to climb out of her window. When the main character asks her what she is doing her sister says that their family member touched her. The player can decide to convince her sister to stay but it leads into her sister convincing the main character that leaving is all she can do and she climbs out of the window. The player can decide to tell their Dad upstairs but depending on the players timing the bad family member either ends up being beaten up badly and driving away or they drive off in their car. Her sister will still end up climbing out the window. The player can decide to keep it a secret. Which ends up with their Dad coming in and telling her goodnight, moments later their Dad comes back in and asks where her sister went. The player can decide whether to tell their Dad or not. The bad family member already left and their Dad ends up not hurting anyone. The relationship between the main character and the dad goes down. Her sister doesn’t come back again and she becomes involved with some bad people. \n\nDuring the middleschool years the main character has a hard time making friends. Their family doesn’t really talk to anyone in town and is seen as strange because they don’t have two parents. As the game progresses through middleschool the characters dad decides to make a nice dinner to cheer them up. He asks her to pick up something from the store since he is cooking but he forgot something. When the player enters the store they can hear townspeople talking in the store about their family and mentions her sister, assuming she had run away and became a dope addict. Another townsmember comments “such a shame, she was so young”. The third person in the group states “why are they here, people like them ruin the good name of this town. I heard the father is abusive, he beat their mother and I can’t blame her for leaving her daughters. I mean look how they turned out”. The screen around the player starts to get darker. A heartbeat meter shows up. Smokey flickering shadow orbs can be seen circling the main character. She can hear whispers, some of them say “You should hurt them” “fear” “let me hurt them” “pain” “let us help you”. The player has to choose whether to direct shadows to hurt them, to scare them, to haunt them or to leave them alone and walk away. If the player chooses to 1. let the shadows hurt them one of the people will have a cardiac arrest, the two other adults who had been talking with them will not know what to do other than to call for help and scream while bystanders try to help. If the player chooses to 2. scare them, a few items on the grocery store shelf will fall. They won’t be scared but they will notice the main character and say “oh look, let’s just go”, one of them will say “such a weird girl, I wouldn’t let her be friends with one of my kids”, the other will just scoff. They will walk away and nothing will happen. If the girl decides to 3. let the shadows haunt them then a shadow in a hat will appear but only she could see it. The character will nod and the shadow will follow them as the group leaves the store. Throughout the game the player can read in the newspaper or hear on the local news broadcast of each one of them dying in a car accident. Later this will come up when a bully calls her the ghost girl and says she probably killed them. If the player decides to 4. walk away nothing will really happen but the group will look at her and the conversation between the group from the decision 2. to scare them will play out. \n\nThroughout the school year the girl has paranormal experiences. She can see her classmates dead relatives in class and some shadows. The player can choose to interact with the ghosts in order to gain information in return for a favor. Throughout the game the player doesn’t necessarily have to interact with them, it is really just up to the player if they do you not. If they are a player who likes to have a lot of information at hand or if the player just wants to skip it all and continue playing. The shadows are different, they can influence her classmates and the environment, the player can choose to intervene or not. At one time she ends up saying something briefly when trying to deescalate a situation between two classmates. What she says is something that only her classmate and the dead relative could know. A name. She is then made fun of, she becomes a target for the bullies and is called the ghost girl. This further makes it harder for her to have friends.\n\nIn the hallway during the school day when something tries to talk to her time seems to move slower. She can hear whispers all around her. The heart beat meter shows up. Everything is foggy and moving seems to make trailing images of anything around her. She faints frequently and furthers herself from her classmates. The user can choose whether to stay after class, go to lunch or sit in the class to have lunch. They can choose whether to go to the playground for recess or under the bleachers or into the forest. Different spots give either interactions with her classmates or with the shadows or ghosts. The player can decide what to do which will further the story in different ways. In one way she can become friends with a boy or a girl. The boy will believe the player and the girl will not and the player will have to hide it from them to keep the friendship. Another choice would be that the shadows will attempt to become “friends” and gain her permission to hurt or haunt the nightmares of her bullies. If the player chooses to haunt her bullies she can enter into their nightmares and the player can het information about them. The player can choose what the shadows will do to scare the bullies in the nightmares or if it goes too far the player can choose to try and stop it. Each time she decides not to stop it the shadows will come back to her making her darker inside. \n\nThe shadows come from a place the girl calls the darker. A world that mimics hers, it is darker and more broken and the sun does not shine in the darker. Nothing is quite right like there will be rooms without doors or light switches, there are no people and it has a lot of different types of shadow beings. Some with claws that cling to the walls, some that look like humans and some that just don’t look right. Throughout the game the main character will notice that some of the people around her seem to be going dark. The player can choose to save the character from the darker or not to save them. If she doesn’t save them they can become physically ill, violent or mentally unstable later on, this will effect different scenes and outcomes. She forms a friendship with one of the shadows who continues to show up throughout her childhood into adulthood. But there is another one which is more malevolent. The good one wears a bowlers hat, he shows up in the forest when she is drawing. The bad one wears a hat and a long coat. Both seem to further the players abilities, one can hurt and influence the environment such as turning off lights and flicking the fire alarm. The good one can show her what will happen in the future. The good one will try and advise her which ghosts are bad and which ones are good, the bad one will try and tell her she is strong and can hurt people who deserve it or can absorb them which will leave the player to decide for themselves. \n\nDuring a class in Highschool the girl is in a world philosophies class. The teacher has everyone place their individual desks with their backs towards the wall for an open discussion, it creates a circle. The teachers starts a discussion leading into a question and asks the class if they had any paranormal experiences. While the class is talking some of them talk about their own and during this the girl starts the hear whispers. One of the whispers is louder than the others and says “stand up”. She is nervous and doesn’t do it. As the discussion cools down a blonde haired student sitting in the desk beside her nudges her elbow and asks the girl if she has any stories. This girl ends up being the girl from earlier that the player had a choice on whether to be friends with them or not. The teacher asks one more time if anyone else has anything else to say. The shadow with the bowlers hat shows up in the middle of the circle and says “get up” she immediately stands up. Not knowing what to say. The teacher asks her if she has anything to say. The player can decide what to say whether it is about ghosts or the shadows or what the shadow with the bowlers hat says that time and space looks like, but it ultimately leads into this. She has a vision of a some kids in a vehicle she cant see their faces because they are out of the frame. The voices are lightly muffled. When the player looks towards the front seat to find more clues a tree shows up in the headlights. It cuts to a shot of long brown hair laying on the metal hood of a vehicle. She ends up describing the death of a classmate who would die before their graduation. That she has long brown hair. \nAs she scans the room to find out who the girl is so she can save her before it happens she glances at one girl with a hoody on and the player continues looking. The students are visibly upset and scared and some are intrigued. The teacher asks her to sit down and points to the board. “This is another philosophers idea, that will be your homework for tonight”. The bell rings and class is over.\nThe player has a chance to investigate each day to find clues on who the girl could be. If she tries to ask the shadow with the bowlers hat who she is he isn’t able to help her find out more. In the end the player doesn’t find out in time which girl would die. The player can decide whether or not to continue their relationship with the shadow who has the bowlers hat or to attempt to grieve the death of her classmate and live a normal life by trying to keep her gifts closed.\n\nAfter signing up for college the player will meet a boy and a girl there. The player will choose who she opens up too about her abilities and the main character will form a relationship with the other character. She will be offered to move in with them. If the player decides to move in then the main characters sister will call her. She is in an abusive relationship, she tells the player that she is beaten and forcibly being sold into prostitution and she needs to run away from him or she will be killed. The characters boyfriend/girlfriend does not agree to it. The player can decide to save her sister and let her stay with her and end the relationship, or the player can decide to remain in the relationship with her partner who in the end can pull her out of the darkness if the player becomes too dark from their choices. The character will try to build a relationship with her sister again and the main character really missed her and seems at first ecstatic. After the main character starts to have issues paying for the bills on her own and taking care of her sister, she sells the car. Her sister proposes meeting an older man with money who offers them both a car. The player can either decide to meet him or not. If the player initially decides to do it, after they show up to the restaurant the player can decide whether to meet him or go back home. If the player wants to meet him he is very off putting and creepy. He would give them money and a car for a kiss and possibly more. The player can again decide whether to do this or not. The player can choose to give him a kiss with nothing more and get the car and the money, or they can get up and leave with nothing. The guy is creepy and makes a creepy comment afterwards that he will see them again. They grab the keys and the money and leave. Afterwards, despite whatever decision the player makes, the characters sister seems to become distant. In the end whether the player chose to help the sister or not, the characters sister will end up blaming the player for what happened to her for years after she ran away from home as a little girl and the sister will run away again. Back to her abusive ex.\nIf the player decides not to move in and to stay with her parents then her parents will agree to help her sister. In the end her sister will drive a wrench in her and her dad and new stepmoms relationship. Believing that the main character is seen as a perfect daughter and that she is not. The sister will open up to the main character and their parents about how she blames her for what happened to her all those years ago. She will run away back to her abusive ex. The main character will remain in the relationship and she and her partner will move into an apartment together in a city closer to the school. (As the story progresses the relationships between certain characters will be important. Either her dad will have a slight chance to pull her out of the darkness  or her partner will. Her partner will have a stronger chance to do it as her dads new found wife does not believe in any of it and throughout the story will end up lowering the relationship percentage between the main character and his character. So it is important what choices are made.)\n\nThe girl grows up and is about the start college. She moved into another place in the city for school and takes on another job to pay for college and for her apartment. If she is still in a relationship she wont be seen in the game taking on a second job. During the job she sees a shadow being who has engulfed one of her coworkers. She pretends not to see it (either because she is trying to live a normal life or because she is scared) even when it glances right at her and she continues a conversation with her coworker to conceal it. As she looks back and the player scans items in front of them a heart meter goes up and the player can hear the main character say in her head that its getting cold. On the edge of the players screen they can see some fingers creep around the corner of the shelf they are at. The player can either look or continue scanning. The shadow continues to move past the edge and peer over at the player. The player will hear the girl think “i cant let it know I can see it”. Eventually the player will find the item and scan it. Whether they want to help their coworker find an item and get out of there will be a timed action event, it is up to the player. If they do both of them are safe, if they don’t the coworker becomes sick and eventually stops coming into work. Soon after the shadow being appears the player receives another mission to scan an item from that same spot. When they return a heart meter shows up and the player can decide whether they want to open their eye and look around the area for the shadow or not. If they open it they will see nothing there anyway. They will walk over to the same spot and retrieve an item for the customers order. As they are leaving that spot a ghost appears begging them for help, the player can hear the character think “what if that shadow thing is still here, if it sees me talking to him then it will definitely find out that I saw it”. (But then a brief flash back scene starts and the face if her classmate shows up, the player can hear the main charater say “I wish I could have helped her too”. Then it fades back to the game) The player has to navigate through the warehouse while the ghost continues to appear trying to get in their way and speak with them. At times the the warehouse around the character would blink and appear just as it did back in the early 1900’s. Full of people with uniforms from that era. The screen will show a memory of a woman and a child during the memory she can hear the male ghosts voice say “karen, her name was karen”. Eventually when the player has to retrieve an item in a secluded closet like room full of clothes and hangers the ghost appears again right next to them. The character can decide whether they want to help the ghost or not. If they do the ghost will attach themselves to her so she can take it to the graves of his past wife who died during childbirth and their daughter who died a few months afterward. Once the player is at the site of the graves she is standing in front of them. The scene cuts to a pan of both of the graves and the to a bird sitting on a branch within the leaves of a tree. The character says “alright I am here, the deal is done”. Nothing happens and the sound of the leaves become louder. The heart beat meter shows up. Whatever the player does they wont ever know the real outcome of what they did. If they helped the ghost or not. But they will hear the girls thoughts say “oh no, what if he was the shadow”. The scene will cut to the leaves again and the bird flying off. The screen fades away and a sound of the heart beat flatlines.\nIf they decide not to help the ghost it will fade away and a scene will begin. It will show two graves. A woman is standing with a little girl holding her hand. A slight breeze tussles their hair and dresses. Bother if them are standing in front of the graves looking at them then they both fade away into thin air. A sound of a heartbeat fades away into a flatline. Scene cuts to black. \n\nLater on near the end of the game the male friend from middleschool will develop abilities but the main character is unaware of it. It doesn’t matter if the player became friends with them or not by their decisions. The player will end up playing that male character and if they became friends with him then they would recognize the name they hear and see in his thoughts and on his bills and ID they find around his place. Even if they didn’t become friends with him they still would have met him a few times, throughout the school scenes the player will hear other classmates calling over to him, or a teacher calling his name to answer a question but not enough to become too obvious. Now that he had grown up there are shadows all around him, he ends up going to sleep and is having a dream in the darker. Everything is messed up, the street is broken with pot holes and cracked and there are street lights which emit no light. Some of the street lights look broken and are laying in the street like something ran into them or they just rusted over time. There are claw marks on the sides of the broken brick skyscrapers. Practically all of the windows are broken for each building. Then as the player is walking they see a street light flicker. This is where he sees the main character walking and leading him through an alley way then into a room. It looks likes the old basement. When she turns around she disappears and he is surrounded by shadow things clicking, they have long fingers with claws. As the player moves the camera the character wont be able to move, they will just hear his breathing echoing and getting louder. They hear a screech and the shadow things charge in his direction. He wakes up before they got to him.\nWhen the girl turns 20 or so that character will come to her and try to find answers. If the player decides to help that character by telling them what they learned throughout the game (unlocked knowledge) the situation will get worse for the male character. Despite the players choices the male character will blame the player for what is happening to him. \n\nIn the end the player is either the good guy or the bad guy. They can save, hurt or remain neutral. But they will be seen as the bad guy except to a few of the characters they may or may not have interacted with. The player can change the end of the story many times but whatever the player realizes in the end is personal the each individual player."
gplryj,An entire new game/story in the Night in the Woods universe,"“In Whitewater” / “The Whitewater Pact”\n\nThis was originally just an idea for a book, but then I started to think of it as a game, and soon enough, in the art style and universe of NITW. \n\nIt takes place in the rainy, somewhat gloomy, costal town of Whitewater, heavily inspired by the Pacific Northwest, during the 1980s, specifically 1987.\n\nIt opens the same way NITW did, white text choices upon a black screen, also informing you it is the year 2017. The text is perceived as an interview, you being the interviewer. You get different choices of text to choose, but it all wraps around to the same point and same received information. Summarized, the text is along the lines of:\n\n“So, what do *you* think happened?”\n\n“Ah, what an easy question.”\n\n“Then why have you waited so long to speak on it?”\n\n“...I wanted to wait until I was almost dead.”\n\nAnd with that, the game begins.\n\nIt follows five protagonists, seniors in high school, all along what would be stereotypical personality archetypes of the 80s; The loser, the jock, the popular girl, the nerd, and the class president. They go by the names of Eric, Brad, Kimberly, Scott, and Angela, respectively, and are a mouse, a crocodile, a cat, a goat, and a bird, again, respectively, all of whom are playable characters. They all live in separate parts of the town and come from different walks of life, whether it’s wealth, a good family, etc. The first thing you play is that, starting with Eric, you get ready for the day and then walk their unique route from home to school, passing by objects/scenery, making observations and saying comments by clicking on prompt indicators just like how you did with Mae in NITW. Once you make it to your school and sit down in your class, it repeats again for all five of them, all with a unique route and unique dialogue about things. None of the routes are overly long, so it doesn’t take forever to make it there, especially while reading everything along the way.\n\nWith lack of immediate transition into topics here, the initial plot is that they are all 4.0 grade average students in the senior-required psychology class together at their high school during the very start of the second semester. Their school district was chosen, among four others, from a special raffle their state (or whatever the NITW canon’s equivalent for state is) was holding that awards 4.0 senior students from the lucky chosen districts the money for a practical full ride scholarship to any in-state university of their choosing. All five of them know this and are very excited for it. But, during the first day of their new psychology class, that, again, is required to pass for graduation requirements, the professor announces that he will only be giving one “A” grade in the class, and if there were to be no A grade earned in the class, the other highest one will receive it, nevertheless. (So if the highest grade earned in the entire class was was only a B-, for example, that student would have their grade rounded up to a 100% A). And along with this, a strict policy of if you miss something, there is no making it up, no re-dos, etc. Meaning, only one of them is going to walk out with a 4.0, and eligibility for this scholarship. This completely and absolutely shocks and devastates the five of them. And this is where it truly starts.\n\nThe five of them begin to, though some are hesitant at first, prank and mess with each other, in hopes to lower the grades of the others in order to personally maintain the highest grade possible and be the one to receive the A in the class. And through this, you learn about their lives and who they are and their backstories. Since you are in control of all five of them, you will no doubt start to form favorites and least favorites, though, particularly, not one of them is a designated hero or villain of the story, it’s essentially in your hands to craft it. Your choices you make can drive the story in one way or the other, eventually leading to the ending, which I will get to in a bit.\n\nBefore we get into characters, here is a quick example of something that could happen, and how the mechanics of controlling all the characters work: \n\nAt first, the pranks, (aka the missions you will take part in), start out soft. They also involve the typical mechanics/features that were in the first game, like the grabbing mechanic, with the closeup hand, and also the fact that you are able to explore around the town just like in the first game. The beginning pranks, or “missions,” (loosely using that term, definitely applies in some circumstances more than others), include petty things like stealing notes, and rather funny things like pouring laxatives into one of their water bottles during PE so they are stuck in the bathroom and miss a test. \nBut then, in this type of situation, after you do so, since you still do play as all of them, you are now in control of whoever was stuck in the bathroom. Now, after you’ve recovered, you have a choice to pull a fire alarm, so everyone has to evacuate and you can make it back in time for your test that character would’ve missed otherwise. There are always two sides to everything because you are in control of everyone. But, if you pranked the character you may view as the “villain” in the first place, you wouldn’t even want to help them out by pulling the fire alarm, as you don’t want them to succeed, though, in choosing to not help them out then, you are risking the fact they may act on revenge later on independently, within a cutscene, not in your control, towards that character that did the pranking. Everything you do has an effect on where the story will lead; you need to think out everything.\n\n———————————————————————\n\nNow is probably a good time to go over the characters you play as and the information you receive about them as you progress:\n\nEric Coldstaff, “The Loser,” a mouse:\n• Lives in poverty with his alcoholic single father\n•Has a beloved pet dog named Bender\n•Is bullied frequently, initially has no friends besides the owner of the store he works at, who serves as a minor character, but also makes friends with a certain group of goth girls, one of whom is named Carrie\n•Deals with depression\n•Desperately wants to leave Whitewater\n\nBrad Laung, “The Jock,” a crocodile:\n•Lives with his parents who own a scrapyard\n•On the wrestling team and baseball team\n•Has a friend posse, some are minor characters\n•Dead set on and wanting to be more successful than his older brother in every way\n\nKimberly/Kim Sharp, “The Popular Girl,” a cat:\n•Lives with her (fairly) wealthy parents\n•Has a baby sister and younger brother\n•Has a huge friend group, everyone loves her, some are minor characters, one becomes a slightly bigger character\n•Wants to make a name for herself than just the “princess” of the school and deals with the insecurities of being so, along with an eating disorder\n\nScott Nelson, “The Nerd,” a goat:\n•Lives with his father and stepmother and younger brother\n•His father is chief of police\n•Has a group of friends, all outcast-like nerds as well, minor characters\n•Wants to go to college, but his father wants him to be a cop\n\nAngela McMahon, “The Class President,” a bird:\n•Lives with her father and mother, no siblings\n•Her uncle is the mayor of Whitewater\n•Is the school’s president representative, has her certain group of friends, minor characters\n•Deals with overcoming her addiction issues\n•Desperately wants to leave Whitewater and study politics\n\nThe more you play, the more and more serious the pranks/missions become. You also start teaming up and working with one another in certain instances. Here are some specific storylines that will happen as you progress through further and further into the game, listed in no particular chronological order of events.\n\n•Playing as either Eric or Angela, Scott takes the three of you to follow the bus Brad is on because of a wrestling meet in another town, with the goal of slashing the bus tires, leaving Brad stuck there overnight and causing him to miss the test the following morning. But after you three complete the mission, Scott takes off without the two of you, leaving you stranded in the town as well. Eric is able to call his friend/owner of the store he works at, named Dick, to come pick them up, but in the meantime while waiting, you get to explore the town and have a rare moment of bonding with each other, despite still being rivals, having fun for once instead of sabotaging each other.\n\n•Playing as Brad, Eric, or Scott, you steal one of their sets of clothes from the locker room while they are showering (not your own obviously) and hide them around the school, as easily or elaborate as you want. You later then play as whoever had their clothes stolen, having to sneak around the school naked and unseen from the random few people roaming around the school and the halls, collecting their clothing back. You think it will be easy to find them considering you as the player are the one that hid them, but they’ve actually all been switched around and in somewhat different areas than where you hid them, throwing you off guard in what would be almost a mini parody of a stealth game. You have a short timer that you have to beat as well in order not to be late to class.\n\n•Playing as anyone, with one accompanying friend of theirs, you sneak into the professor’s home at night with hopes of finding the quizzes that were taken earlier that day and changing the answers on them to incorrect ones, all without waking him up. Each character has their own different means and way of sneaking inside.\n\n•During a test that he didn’t have time to study for because he was dealing with the aftermath of a different prank, Scott has his friend(s) sneak into the school’s vents and release some sort of smoke/vapor into the classroom, causing the fire sprinklers to go off, ruining all of the test papers that were out, postponing it until the next day.\n\n•Either Brad, Scott, or Kim go around the town and school hanging up hateful and derogatory posters of Angela, also exposing her of her addiction problems, though, out of the other four, Eric is the only one that knows of it because she told him about it the night they were stranded in the other town. Then, playing as Angela, after she sees them all, you have to go around the school and town taking them down before anyone sees them, but as you do so, you run into Eric already taking them down as well. She had thought Eric was the one who put them up because of the private information nobody else knew, but clearly he wasn’t actually the one who did it. As soon as she sees him though, he drops the stack that he had taken off and runs in the other direction. That means, somehow, one of the other three know about it as well. \n\nBefore we get into the ending, it would be good to go over other mechanics and what else the game has to offer, as NITW wasn’t constantly pushing out story the entire time you played, the other half of it was about downtime and exploration, which this game would have plenty of as well. Every character you play as has their own level of ability when it comes to movement, so for example, Eric can’t jump as high as Brad, but Brad is too tall to go underneath areas that Eric can reach because he is shorter. There are lots of unique areas that you have to look for while playing as other characters, during the downtime of slightly before school, after school, and the weekends. Not everyday is necessarily accounted for in the game, especially because it takes place over the course of several months, approximately from February to the beginning of June before school gets out, (aka the second semester of the school year). \nAfter school, similar to how in NITW you are presented with the choice of activity for that certain day, like having to choose between either hanging with Gregg or hanging with Bea, you are given the choice to partake in the events and play as whichever character you want, each of them having a unique activity planned ahead of them. Sometimes not every character will be given the option to play as after school, as they just might now have anything interesting planned. For example, it’d go like this: it’s the end of the day and the bell rings. With a shot of the school serving as the background, text choices pop up on screen. There are different choices you can flip through. One may say “As Kim, go to the mall with her friends.” The next reads “As Eric, go to the graveyard with Carrie and her friends.” And so on and so forth. Again, not everyone will always have an option to play as. If there are major main-story points unfolding, such as missions, pranks, or important cutscenes, the according character will automatically be chosen for you. Major story events may also take place in the evening after school, after you have partaken in whatever optional event you’ve chosen.\nDuring the school day, you are also presented with fun, mini activities/games to do, similar to how things like lightbulb smashing and hanging out with Lori were; just small things that don’t affect the plot in any major way. Things like this would include participating in PE classes with games like dodgeball, basketball, etc., and sculpting pottery on the throw wheel, with the closeup hands mechanic, in art class. Also, not to blatantly use the same ideas, especially because Mae canonically used the notebook for a reason, (her doctor recommended it), but I think there should still definitely be the mechanic of getting doodles of “achievements,” more or less, just like NITW, with Mae in her journal. I think a good solution would be, and not that this would actually be them writing and drawing stuff right then and there, but replace the notebook with the inside of a high school bathroom stall, graffitiing the achievement doodles along the walls and door in permanent marker, just like how real schools are. Obviously it’s not something they can take with them, but it’s just for symbolism and fun. You could look around at four different angles, each one increasingly growing in graffiti. I think that’d be awesome.\n\nEach character of course has their own personal sub-plot as well. It uncovers who they are and the problems they have. Some may be unlikeable on the outside, but deep down they all have their own issues and battles they are dealing with.\n\n———————————————————————\n\nEventually though, things start to get way out of hand, with them ultimately messing up each other’s lives out of hatred and irrationality, rather than just trying to lower their grades. The more horrible the “pranks” (not that they would even be considered pranks at this point) get, the less it is you, as the player, actually acting upon and doing them, as your personal moral compass would definitely come into check at some of these things, though you are still of course in control of movement, dialogue choices, etc.; it isn’t just a string of cutscenes with no interaction.\n\n•Scott attempts to frame Eric’s friend/employer at the grocery store, Dick, for a crime he didn’t commit, as he is already a known ex-convict, in an attempt to get the store shutdown and Eric laid off without any pay, as his dad is unemployment and an alcoholic. That is also the primary source of food for himself and his dad, as Dick let’s him take supplies as he needs to for free.\n\n•Steroids and marijuana are planted in Brad’s room at home, by someone sneaking in through his window, while he was away again, resulting in him getting kicked off of the baseball team by his father, simply igniting rage within him. He starts carrying a gun with him at all times when in public.\n\n•Eric eventually makes friends with a group of three goth girls, not unknown to him, as they have been classmates since they were young, but just never really talked. He tells them of what is going on and they help him out sometimes. One girl, named Carrie, and Eric grow really close really quickly and bond over the struggles they’ve had in the past. Later on, at a certain point, one of Kim’s friends, named Amy, bumps into Eric causing him to drop his papers and notes he was holding, while she spills the drink she had in her hands all over them, ruining them. She asks what class they were for (not psychology) and then says that she has that same class for last period and promises that if he meets her after school, she’ll take extra notes for him to keep to make up for it. He is a little suspicious, but after school rolls around and she kept her deal and gives him the notes, all seemingly proper and correct. She then offers to go to the park with him and study for the test they’re both having tomorrow. He now is very suspicious, but when he asks if Kim put her up to this, she looks genuinely confused and denies it. He then agrees to it, as something like this has never really happened to him, though he is still cautious. They go to the park, study, but wind up simply talking. Eric reveals to her, and to you as the player, the story of how his mother died while giving birth to him, so he never really knew her, but his dad got married again. Amy asks what his dad’s new wife is like and then he reveals that she died also, in a car accident. He says his dad went from wearing both wedding rings to no rings, selling them after he quit his job and is now in the alcoholic state that he is. After that Eric and Amy end up kissing. He walks her back to her house and then goes back to his. At the next day of school, it’s revealed that, unknowingly to Eric, as well as you as a player at the time, that, while the Amy, Kim, and the popular girls are talking, Kimberly paid and put Amy up to it to try and get her to kiss him in order to get Eric sick, as Amy was coming down with the flu and had a fever. It ended up working because it is shown that Eric is throwing up in the restroom. They ask Amy about it and she talks about how it was gross and she hated it and they all laugh, but she doesn’t say that deep down she genuinely had a great time with him and has genuine feelings towards him now. They continue to hangout after school days and such, without Kim or anyone else knowing. Eventually, Carrie finds out about it and has a huge argument with Eric about how Amy is a huge jerk and just like the rest of the popular girls, clearly very upset at Eric, due to her having feelings for him as well, though they were never acted upon. Eric argues back and it all ends in an unresolved fight. Carrie doesn’t show up to school for a few days after that, and when Eric asks Carrie’s friends if they know where she is, they say she is was admitted into a psychiatric hospital after trying to hurt herself. This completely throws off Eric.\n\n•After finding out that Kim was the one who hung up the posters of Angela, she takes pictures of Kim forcing her fingers down her throat and puking into the toilet while in a bathroom stall. Angela then develops them in their school’s black room, but afterwards has second thoughts of how cruel this is and crumples them up, throwing them in the trash. Later, however, someone must have found them in the trash because everyone is talking about them, the pictures circulating through the school. Kim is absolutely horribly distraught and crushed. Angela feels terrible as well, debating whether to tell her or not that she was the one who took them. \n\n•One morning, Eric wakes up to his dog dead on his porch. He is beyond devastated. He figures it was Brad because he previously had threatened that he would kill his dog, though it was simply a scare tactic and a threat he had no intention on acting upon. After school, after keeping quiet about it all day, Eric meets Brad while Brad was on his way home from school, taking a usual shortcut he takes through the woods. Eric yells and berates him about killing his dog, though Brad just keeps denying he didn’t do it, growing angry himself. Eric eventually pulls out a knife while continuing to yell, leading Brad to pull out his gun. He pushes Eric to the ground, throws away his knife, and puts the gun to his head, saying, one final time, he didn’t kill his dog, before getting back up and continuing to walk back home. Later, while he is with his friends, (who are somewhat aware of the whole situation happening between the five of them), one of them asks Brad if Eric confronted him today at all about “a little surprise.” It turns out, during that one day where Brad threatened killing Eric’s dog, his friend had heard him and then decided that after Brad got kicked off the team, simply assuming it was Eric who planted the drugs, to kill Eric’s dog for revenge. Brad is shocked and immediately punches his friend in the face and continues to pummel him while on the ground, his other friends watching in disbelief. Brad then stands up, telling him that if he tells anyone about what just happened between the two of them, Brad will tell his friend’s parents that he killed Eric’s dog.\n\nBy now, amidst all of this chaos, where the focus and views from all of them have shifted from grades to personal attacks, they’ve reached close to the end of the school year, and with that, the part one of the final part of the game. \n\nDepending on the choices you have made up until this point, a tallied up chain of commands from the entire game will determine how the ending pans out for you. There are multiple endings. \n\nThe part one of the final part opens with a phone call happening. Any character can be on that phone, besides, and this is important, the one character the game has calculated and determined to be your “least favorite,” using remembered data from your choices you’ve made, collected throughout the game. This includes the choices you as a player have made and any butterfly effects that have come from those choices. And while that determined “least favorite” could be any of the five characters, coded into the game and statistically, Brad has the highest chance of being that character, while Eric has the lowest chance of being that character, though, again, it could be any of them. So, it opens with a shot of a phone call happening, with anyone but your “least favorite,” in their own house. You are able to tell who will be on the other side of the line due to the color-coordinated text tied to the appropriate character, just like how the first game was. They are on a call, talking about a plan that they have come up with to try and prevent your “least favorite” from attending the psychology final that is two days from now, as your “least” favorite” is the one who has ended up with the highest grade. For now, let’s just assume that that is Brad. The character on the phone calls everyone, but him, explaining the last ditch effort of a plan to try and stop him from attending school tomorrow, as one big team effort.\n\nThe plan is that they are going to attempt a “kidnapping” more or less — with masks on, drive there all together in Scott’s pickup truck,(and if the least favorite was Scott, it’d be Brad’s truck), break into Brad’s room, knock him out with a wet rag of rubbing alcohol, tie him up and take him to an abandoned shed somewhere far off in the deep outskirts of town, all without being seen and with no proof that they were the ones who did it. All goes well, they get him out of his house and into the truck, unconscious. They eventually get to the abandoned building, pull up slowly, and drag his body to the shed. They open the door and to their surprise, there are a few people inside already, in the middle of a drug deal. They look over for a second, each of them then pulling a gun from under their shirt. The four of them then slam the door back shut and run, dragging Brad’s body and then heaving him into the back bed of the pickup, then driving away immediately, as fast as possible. Back on the outskirts highway, they are driving and panicking, not knowing where to go and what they do, all in a big argument, seen from a 2D angle, like when walking around, not the 3D angle that is shown while people are inside of cars like in the first game. They keep driving and fighting, not realizing Brad slowly standing up in the back of the pickup, until Eric sees him. With his arms still tied up, they all look to the back, including Scott who is driving, the sack blowing off of his head, revealing to Brad that they are the ones responsible. Still dazed and confused, he still doesn’t know quite what is going on. They all start freaking out, and, luckily, Angela turn back around, just in time for her to see a deer in the middle of the road. She screams, they all look back, and Scott slams the breaks, the momentum sending Brad’s body flying over the front of the car, onto the highway, the deer scampering off. In unison, the four’s text bubbles all say: “Oh shit.” In silence, Scott turns the car off. They all get out and walk over. They inspect the body and sure enough, he is dead. Angela throws up. Kim breaks down in tears. Erik starts silently freaking out, not being able to find words, then grabbing Scott and demanding what to do next. (If Scott were to die, Brad would take his place in these events, if they both live, one or the other does it, also working together). He says to load him into the back and for everyone to get back in the truck. They drive back into town, Scott explaining that he knows what to do. He drops off the girls at the junkyard, the one Brad’s family owns, telling them to find a metal barrel or container big enough to fit his body. You play as one of them searching for one, dreading the situation. Then goes to his house and has Eric help him get a cement mixer and the rest of the proper materials to use it from his garage, having to be cautious. Eric is on the verge of freaking out the whole time, realizing what they are going to do. Then they back go to the scrapyard and meet up with the others, completing the act. In a small montage of dead silence, it shows them filling the barrel with cement, submerging his body, filling it up completely, then capping it off with a lid. All of them are visibly overcome with sadness and fear, pain and regret. It’s clear they don’t want to do this. They sit in silence for a bit, exchanging a few words here and there, all about how they regret everything. It’s probably around 3AM or so. After a bit, as a team, they slowly scoot the barrel onto the pier over the ocean that is by the scrapyard. They reach the end and bump it off the edge, his body sinking to the bottom of the ocean. (Not to ruin the mood or anything, but to clarify, concrete can set under the water. It doesn’t ‘dry,’ it’s a chemical reaction. In case you were wondering.) They sit on the edge of the pier, watching it slowly sink down, tears streaming down their faces. Scott pulls out a knife, popping it open. He says that they need to make a pact. A pact to  never leave Whitewater, in an attempt to keep the this buried and to never forget what they have done. They all know they’ll never be comfortable again. They will grow to be adults and be whoever they want to be, as long as they don’t leave. They all agree. One by one they take the blade and slice a small cut into the inside of their hand, not too big, as they don’t want it to be seen, but big enough it’ll leave a scar. They’ll left their cut in the town, they need to be the scar to seal it. They wanted to leave so bad, they ended up stuck.\n\nThe scene faces out and it cuts to the next day, waking up as Eric, (if Eric died, then Brad). You walk to school slowly, no usual commentary or anything on the way. You get to school and sit down, the other three already there. Eric solemnly looks at them and then looks down. The professor does role and when he gets to Brad’s name, Kim lets out a small yelp and buries her head in her hands. The final test is passed out, but the four of them don’t do anything on it. It cuts again, this time to after school. They meet up again, and Scott tells them that he told his dad what had happened. They start to freak out, as, previously explained, Scott’s dad is chief of police, but he explains what happened. His dad caught him going to his room at after 3AM and questioned what he was doing. Scott says he just broke down and couldn’t handle it and told his dad what happened, but his dad wasn’t mad. His dad said that he will do everything in his power to keep the case buried. He’s on their side. (If Scott died, Eric goes to Dick and tells him what happened, which he then says he will take blame if anything were to be found, because he is already an ex-convict, looked down upon by the local police). They all compare their cuts and grab hands. The screen fades.\n\nPart two, essentially the epilogue, of the final part begins. It opens with you playing as a new character that looks like a relative to whoever was determined to be your “favorite.” You start at the end of town by the pier, a different one, and get to explore. Everything is mostly the same, with just updated things, though there are some major changes. And if you go into the cemetery, you can find new tombstones since you’ve seen there last, including one for Brad. Your character will tell you where you need go to progress. You eventually pass by a news crew outside. Eventually you make to your house, and sure enough, you are the teenage child of whichever character was determined your favorite.\n\nThere is a news report being filmed outside on camera. It’s now 2017, 30 years later. There is a live special “20/20”-esque news report on the disappearance of a teenager whose body was never found, in accordance with the 30 year anniversary of it happening. It isn’t necessarily national news coverage, but within the state, it is a huge deal. It shows the TVs inside of houses and such playing the program, with people watching intently. People who you see are the older versions of Eric, Kim, Scott and Angela. Eric is in the grocery store, which he now owns, watching it on the TV behind the counter. You see Scott, in a police uniform, watching it while his kids play on the floor. You see Kim watching it, still in her parents house, with her elderly parents by her side. She takes care of them now. And you see Angela watching it, after showing a “Re-elect Angela McMahon for Mayor” sign in her front yard. (Brad would be seen inside a gym, taking a break from lifting, his shirt saying “Coach,” implying that he works at the school now, coaching sports, the TVs remote in his hand). All of them still in Whitewater, just like they said they would be. While they are watching, pretty soon someone else is brought in for interviewing. To their disbelief, cutting back and forth to all of their reactions, it is their professor from 30 years ago, now a very elderly man. You can see them all tense up. The interviewer, a young woman, explains to the viewers that this was one of Brad’s professors in high school, who says he has information to give on the subject. This is where that first line at the beginning of the game comes in:\n\n“So, what do *you* think happened?”\n\n“Ah, what an easy question.”\n\n“Then why have you waited so long to speak on it?”\n\n“...I wanted to wait until I was almost dead.”\n\nHe then explains, specifying that this is only a theory, that 30 years ago, he preformed an experiment. He explains that, at that time, there was an important reward for 4.0 students in that graduating class, five of them being in his psychology class. He decided to narrow it down to only one, by only giving out one “A” that second semester so many years ago. He wanted to see what those students would do in order to obtain that “A,” after all, he is a psychology teacher. He then says Brad was one of those students. He says he observed them all, their hi-jinx they took part in, starting out silly at first, though over time, getting more serious and personal as desperation grew. He even says that he’s pretty sure they broke into his house one night, with a laugh. The interviewer asks, hesitantly, what he is implying. He explains that he thinks it is quite coincidental that Brad went missing in the midst of all of this. *Especially,* the day before their final, he specifically states, saying that he may be old, but he hadn’t forgotten. During all of this, their reactions grow more and more and more serious, some of them with tears down their faces. He then says, how it is quite shocking. Then, again stating that this is only a theory, he says:\n\n“And... not to name any names... but I do believe that those four other students are still living here today, still in Whitewater,” a small grin appearing on his face. \n\nThen, in vertical split screen, after a few seconds of silence, it shows all four of them, clicking off their TVs in unison. \n\nCut to black. And roll credits.\n\n——————————————————————\n\nThank you so much if you made it to the end, especially if you read it all. Please let me know what you think."
gpiikb,Puzzle game ideas,I’m an experienced game developer looking for my next project when I realized I’ve never made a puzzle game before. So I’m wondering if you guys have any ideas for games you’d play?
gpfif2,a game that simulates peeling various things,"a game that simulates peeling vegetables, bananas, string cheese, stickers, and whatever else you can come up with."
gpf81e,Multiplayer Citybuilder with MMO and Always Online Systems.,"I've had this idea for a bit and I don't even know if there is a game like it, if there is please tell me.\n\nI imagine this game working like cities Skyline or other citybuilders via. Many Servers, on every server you can have one city, build it up, trade with others around the gigantic map and more, this Isnt supposed to be a versus game, more of a collaboration between player for their own good. I imagine around 40 player building cities at the same time, no round system limiting you to a 2 hour match, just build as long as you want, leave, sleep, come back 2 days later while your city is either being managed alone or is generally inactive. Maybe even make a city together with other players or fuse your cities together because they are getting big, make factions with nearby players. I imagine something like this working best on a phone, although I don't know if the have the power for that. Also no griefing of any kind, but a very active chat system. If a player is inactive for too long he might be bootet off the server but not lose his city, still being able to now play the game with CPU versions of the other cities around in Single player.\n\nI want people to be engaged in this game, because while I like strategy games I dislike how shortsighted they are and play, being made like a 2 hour experience. Games with long playing value and a passionate player base are way more fun and interesting. Although I don't see my idea every becoming a reality."
