id,title,clee
lc7hjn,Looking for Someone to do their first design (can't pay plz read for details),"If ur reading this, ur either a pro that is SUPER bored and wants a quick job, or as the title says, looking for ur first. I'm looking for someone to help build my idea for a competitor to Minecraft. I want to assemble a small team of first time game makers and/or ""pro"" Coders that want to have a passion project. If you are interested or want more information I'm Happy to talk with anyone. Even if you just learned it at home, I just want to make a game and have fun doing it. So here's the basic idea. \n\nA block based free roam building game. \nA fantasy with futuristic elements\nA MMO RPG with solo elements allowing you to move between an online market world, to a purely ""side quest"" Solo campaign, a free roam building world with the ability to have it solo or multiplayer, and both an online PVP and a PVE arena. \n\nThis will have A LOT of mobs, lots of different weapons, armors, different merchant mobs and shops for both players and mobs to own."
lc5nnp,Bad guy simulator. Recriate some events on island or at church.,"Make it chelenging and harcore. Expolre location, find items, craft things end try to survive. \nBut I almost sure game will be banned at sight by western sjw."
lc4v1a,TitanFall but Dragons,"Me and my buddies were chilling at the Gym talking about games, and thought it would be awesome, if a game similar to TitanFall existed but was more Medieval Fantasy, and instead of Titans it would be Dragons, with customization for armor, what type of dragon, what you are like Human, Orc, Elf, you could have a crossbow, mace, sword, and so on, not a whole lot of dragon games especially on Console, so something like this would be pretty fun I think."
lc444k,I need a name for my game,"I am going to begin creation of a game set in the future where you are a hacker and you find that the government is going to replace all of human with robots, and you fight off evil, robots, and some can shapeshift/ mutate. You can go in and out of a matrix like world where you have special moves and powerups, which the matrix like world effects what technology you interact with, so the matrix is going to be how to hack. I need a name for this game, and all credit for the idea goes to both u/shino1 and u/Xoduox."
lc0m9r,Help ... My Japanese language learning game is ... boring :c,"At the end of February 2016, I started planning my game,\n\n&gt;a game in which you move to Japan to study abroad and learn Japanese. You can also travel around the country to explore the country and learn more about its history and culture. The art style is probably going to be in a 3D low poly style because that's what I have the most experience with... For the travelling and to decorate your appartment, you will need money which you can earn inside of the game. (Maybe small multiplayer ellement so friends can explore Japan together). Kind of like a RPG. :p\n\nThat's the main idea for my Japanese Language learning game. I actually wanted to start making it some day's ago, but whilst stitching together all ideas that I've had drawn out so far ...  I ran into a major issue as many people probably have when designing a game,\n\n**it's boring**\n\n... I can't come up with any ideas for the game to be more fun, interesting, and more engaging so people will want to keep playing. So my questions:\n\n* How can I make it more fun, interesting, and engaging?\n* How can I make the language learning aspect of the game to be more enjoyable, effective?\n* How to add some fun?   \^\^""\n* What would you like to see in a Japanese Language learning game?\n\nSo far everything has just been written down on paper, without making anything yet, and I only imagined every piece by piece separately, but when I finally stitched all the ideas together, I realized that it feels kind of boring and empty. Just walking from location to location seems kind of troublesome after some time. Not having enough interaction and being very repetitive (School, game, travel, repeat. Basically what you would do when you really study abroad. It's fun in real life, but in a game, where most people can press the exit button very easily ... yeah not that great of an idea I guess \^\^"").\n\nI still love the idea a lot, being able to explore Japan whilst learning Japanese, and it would be awesome to make it into a really enjoyable, fun, and useful game to learn Japanese, but I'm feeling very insecure right about now as I can't come up with any solutions. :c\n\nAnother issue I started thinking about, what about having a lot of NPC's running around, but even with very easily customizable characters ... to write a couple of **100** different stories that NPC's can talk about will be a huge time consumer I guess \^\^""\n\nI know about this other game called *Koe* but the way Japanese is being thought isn't one of my favorites, I want people to actually be able to reach somewhat of an *almost* fluent level using my game \^\^"" Sadly, there aren't that many language learning games which I can use as inspiration, but that's also another reason why I want to make this game into a reality. XP\n\nIs this a sign that it's a bad game idea and that I should just give up and try something else or?"
lbzbfv,"So, I just thought of this dumbass idea.",Basically a multiplayer game where 2 teams fight to protect their king and kill the other leader. The 2 teams are Monke kingdom vs Lizard kingdom.   \nMain gameplay shit will be normal fps stuff but the kings will have their own set of abilities.  \nBased of course on Godzilla vs kong.
lbyfqv,Simple yet in my opinion interesting balck and white sidescroller idea.,"Sorry guys but I won't explain it with much words but rather Ill ask you to waste around 4 minutes and go to Youtube and watch Woodkin - Run Boy Run music video.(Song is somewhat decent too) For me it looks like an epic sidescroller. Boy with suit? armor and sword. Black and white for drama and suspensss. Some cool cutscenes you can film basically at home. I already wrote this down as and side project idea in far future for myself however because Im spending all my time on my first and main project that could take years when I try this. Maybe someone else could make it before me. I understand the copyright issue,but that can be worked around(we don't need to copy assets just the style and structure) or maybe if anyone is rich enough or a charmer he can make a deal with the group. Anyways what are your toughts about this idea?"
lbxt29,Playing against yourself,"The Game plays in two Acts (/Parts) the first one being substantially shorter than the second one kind of like an introduction. \n\n\nDuring Part A, you play a person in charge to find and kill someone. During the gameplay you get to learn more about your target and why you have to kill him. You do various mission that bring you closer to the target until you find him. That's when the second act start.\n\n\nYou find out that the real protagonist is actually the target of the protagonist in Part A. During the second act you play against the Organisation you were part of in the first Act.\n\nIt is just a concept and I don't really have any story or implementation idea in mind. I'm open for your creative suggestions.\n\nI don't believe that this is a project I could possibly finish but I think it is a fun and original idea and I wanted to share it with you.\n\nTL;DR: the game is divided in 2 parts. The character you play in part one will play against the character you will play in part 2"
lbw4bt,A sci-fi horror game where the protagonist is unemployed and his home is an organism.,"I got this idea from some inspirations, the first is **Scorn**, and the second was from a Netflix series called ""**Abstract**"", in the second season, episode 2 ""**Bioarchitecture**"", where an Israeli architect created a building made of organic materials.  \nIn addition to a video of a youtuber talking about ""*the legacy of the haunted house*"", about ""*how houses are organisms that are part of the human being and of our society*"".\n\n""Control, Anatomy, and the Legacy of the Haunted House"":  \n[https://youtu.be/mexs39y0Imw](https://youtu.be/mexs39y0Imw)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWell, taking all this into account, my idea would be that, in a future where human beings started to use biotechnology to become immortal, to prevent the disposal of materials and the pollution of the planet, ""*taking care of a home*"" does not mean you just clean it or pay your bills.\n\nOur homes have literally become living organisms. Biotechnological objects that need nutrients to live. Failing to pay your bills does not just mean running out of energy for the heater, **it means that your entire house will go through a process of decay and death**.\n\nAnd well, in this game, after a pandemic that affects humans and biotechnological equipment, you stay at home during quarantine, not only for safety but because you were fired.\n\nAnd during that time, you do everything to survive and keep your home alive and prevent it from devouring you."
lbuas5,This ones a doosey (1600s pvp combat focused MMO),"Edit: This isn't designed for anyone here to make into a game or even a fucking mod, this is merely me ranting about my ideal game and what I had as an idea. I can't program, I will not ask for money, and I'm not asking anyone even attempt something of this scale. I needed to get this idea out of my head or I was going to explode. Thank you.\n\nAn MMO(RP?)G set in the 1600s.\n\nBasic setting: Earth, 1678, there are very few changes, however, many myths and tales surrounding things like mythical beasts and bits of magic are true, if incredibly uncommon.\n\nIt would be relatively grounded in role-playing as a start, having a relatively basic create a character system if still in depth enough to be utilized by those who wish to make certain looks. Choosing where to start within the places of the earth laid out for play.\n\nThere would be no leveling system, everyone starts and ends with the same base stats, as combat between players should be an absolutely primary focus, the ""levels"" players will receive do not boost stats, they merely give them different abilities to be used in combat. Examples such as auto lock on with flintlocks, or disarming moves, this way the combat doesn't get stale.\n\nThe combat would be an absolute focus of this game, getting hit should be discouraged as possible. For this reason, dodging, blocking, and countering (a timed block, all weapons have different counter windows, and certain attacks cannot be countered) are highly encouraged. Blocking and countering cant be used all the time but will always give an advantage over dodging when they can be. Dodging, blocking multiple attacks, sprinting, and later on 'rune spells' (discussed later) will all use stamina, which can be recovered, to keep stalemates from feeling far too often. Each weapon would feel entirely different and have strengths and weaknesses. Weapons would have different damage profiles, counter windows, general swing and combo speed differences, and a light and heavy attack. Combos from light attacks will slowly lose damage, resetting after a certain short time period without attacking with the weapon, but the longer the combo goes the more stamina it will take to block. Countering a light attack combo hit three times rather than blocking it staggers the oppenent for a longer period of time. A unique thing I'd like to add is a gimic called ""weapon precision"", weapon precision is a mechanic that allows weapons with high ratings to pierce certain types of armor, disarm more easily, and do more damage with consecutive hits, rather than the standard diminishing return.\n\nAll weapon classes would feel entirely different, each weapon class has multiple different versions, some examples now.\n\nOne handed sword: All one handed swords can be used two handed, for higher swing speed, lower counter window, slightly higher damage and break guard potential (stamina loss on block), and higher weapon precision.\n\nBroadsword: Absolute standard, middle of the road.\n\nCutlass (basket hilted saber): Slightly higher swing speed, and a faster counter, lower heavy attack damage and break guard potential.\n\nRapier: Slower swing speed, only capable of piercing damage, higher damage when connecting, much higher weapon precision\n\nTwo handed sword: These can be used one handed at the cost of no light attack, lower break guard, lower swing speed, but slightly more heavy attack damage.\n\nClaymore: Standard, the broadsword of the two handed weapons\n\nNodachi: Higher weapon precision and swing speed at the cost of a worse counter window and lower break guard\n\n\nRanged weapons; these would be different, having an aiming state and a quick fire (just firing right ahead without aiming)\n\nMusket: Power, range, but a long reload, and low armor penetration for heavy armors, along with needing both a musketball and some powder to load a shot, can be quickfired, but it still needs to be pulled from the back first. Requires two free hands, meaning any current weapon must be sheathed to fire and reload.\n\nFlintlock: Shorter range, accuracy, weapon precision and power than the musket with a much shorter reload and a faster quickfire. You can also hold up to 4 of these on you unlike any other ranged weapon. These are the only guns capable of firing one handed, however you must still sheath your weapon to reload.\n\nBlunderbuss: Exactly how it sounds, even shorter range than the flintlock, lower quickfire speed than the musket, as well as lower weapon precision, but it fires multiple projectiles, all doing the same as a musket ball, needing that same ammount of pellets to fire.\n\nBow: With lower damage than the musket, but higher weapon precision, and the second highest reload rate, the bow cannot be quickfired and must have weapons sheathed to load and fire, requires arrows, must also be drawn, the draw dictating the ammount of it's damage it will do and distance the arrow will travel, if fired as soon as the draw has finished (within .5 seconds) the shot will have massively higher weapon precision and a faster upcoming reload.\n\nRope dart: With a limited range the rope dart can be used one handed even when aiming, never needing you to sheath another 1 handed weapon, it is relatively easily dodged but upon hit it will do small damage to the target, stun them for a full second, and pull them closer to you. This weapon does not require a reload, but when used in too quick a succession will have diminishing return to the point where it doesn't even effect the oppenent.\n\nArmor; every suit of armor has different values but they fall under three classes; light, medium, and heavy, the farther you go the more stamina use, the higher all of your counter windows, and the slower your base move speed, as well as swing speed becomes. However, certain weapons won't be able to properly pierce heavier armors, and heavy armors get practical immunity from flintlocks, rope darts, (and bows that aren't time-fired) beyond very minor damage. Light armor gets easily pierced but gets quicker everything, from base movement speed to dodge along with getting better stats for break guards and quicker heavy attacks. Medium armor provides significant protection at no mobility, weapon precision, or counter window cost.\n\nNow, onto my favorite part, runes and the magic system.\n\nRune tattoo diagrams can be found throughout the world space in VERY hard to reach places, another single tattoo diagram can be obtained through specific NPCs of religious significance at a high price, such as a single scertain voodoo priest, a native American medicine man, a Buddhist monk, you get the idea. There are 6 slots for a rune tattoo, palm, thumb, index, middle, ring and pinky finger, all on the left hand, the finger tattoos surround the finger and go down to the backside of the hand all the way to the wrist, the palm tattoo covers all of it to the wrist. Each tattoo gives a different ability, none of which I can think of right now, but all would use a certain ammount of stamina, and require that you are not using your left hand, along with most having a certain wind up charge time. I FUCKIN ADORE this idea, and I was very proud to have it. Once you have filled every single finger and palm your left arm becomes covered in runic tattoos.\n\nNPCs, quests, and other story related things: I'm at a loss here man, I just wanna sail the seas and fight other people and eventually monsters.\n\nEnemies: From bandits, to the undead within the rare crypt, all the way to genuine monsters in places left unexplored, I'd have to talk for hours and have someone else help me brainstorm to think of all the unique monsters and even human enemies we could have from folklore and mythology.\n\nBosses: Think of a mythical creature, that, but in one specific very hard to get to spot. Sorry, I was mainly thinking about the combat here.\n\nBuilding and other such misc things:\n\nThis is mostly an afterthought, however I would love to see a ship building and base building aspect to be put into play here, some light rts mechanics at the highest levels of it, maybe.\n\n\nThanks for reading my relatively out-there idea, im sorry for wasting your time, and have fun programming or thinking on your own time, and reply with any ideas you'd like to add or what you'd like to change!\n\n-Your least favorite pirate loving dumbass, Cullen"
lbjfbf,"Academia, school as an adventure RPG","This idea stems directly from a personal feeling of being underwhelmed with [Pixel Art Academy](https://pixelart.academy/about) by Matej 'Retro' Jan.  I won't get too far into that, but the idea was that of a sort of virtual ""academy"" you could enroll in to learn pixel art.  I still like the concept, but the execution in this case left a lot to be desired.\n\nPicture if you will an adventure game like one of the classic [Sierra](https://www.gog.com/game/space_quest_4_5_6) or [Lucasarts](https://www.gog.com/game/day_of_the_tentacle_remastered) adventures.  In fact, the overall look and feel doesn't matter too much.  A [top-down pixel RPG look](https://www.gog.com/game/stardew_valley) would work out very nicely, as well as a [side-scrolling RPG](https://atlus.com/osl/) sort of approach, or a modern [first](https://store.steampowered.com/app/489830/The_Elder_Scrolls_V_Skyrim_Special_Edition/) or [third](https://store.steampowered.com/app/666140/My_Time_At_Portia/) person 3d approach would be fine as well.  Effectively any approach that gives you a somewhat open environment to explore and traverse would make for a good solution.\n\nIn this adventure RPG, you're not saving the world from certain doom.  In fact, it's closer to ""Stardew Valley"" in terms of more domestic, laid back themes.  In this case you're not building up an overgrown farm though.  You've moved away from home in order to attend a prestigious university where you hope to master [*insert desired learning topic here*].\n\nWhile there **can** be a multiplayer component, a single-player focus is key.  The solo student shouldn't feel pressured by others and should be able to advance at their own pace.  There should be enough content and NPCs around to prevent the world from feeling empty even if playing solo.\n\nThe game should begin by allowing the player to create and customize their own character. This is important to give the player a main character they can identify with, as playing the role of this character will be a driving theme going forward.  As your own custom student, you have an entire campus plus some surrounding locations of interest to explore.  As a student you are given your own customizable dorm room, and you have access to several resources including various classrooms, a library, and places of social opportunity.\n\nLike so many other life-sim RPGs, gameplay revolves around a night and day cycle, and NPCs go about their own daily schedules.  As a student yourself, you do have a class schedule you're expected to follow, but you aren't forced to.  In fact by ""breaking the rules"" a little you may discover people or opportunities that you might not have otherwise discovered.\n\nYou will have some stats to maintain, but it shouldn't be too overbearing like so many other survival/life sims.  You shouldn't be compelled to eat/drink every 20 minutes lest you die of starvation/thirst.  Staying out all night to drink and socialize should have consequences, but maybe in the form of passing out drunk and waking up on the floor of your own dorm room late for class with a lower energy level.  You also have grades to maintain, and that's where the real meat and potatoes of the game takes place.\n\nThe game at it's core is a school/life sim, and the ""school"" aspect of the game will involve an actual curriculum.  Topics should be things people genuinely would like to learn like art or programming, plus supporting content.  For example programming will involve some math, and art would involve some anatomy and color theory.  You'll attend lectures, be given assignments with deadlines, and you'll be expected to turn those assignments in for points that count towards your overall grade.  Similar to how Stardew valley takes place in a cycle of seasons and years, Academia has a cycle of semesters and academic years, and you can repeat semesters as often as you need.  Spent too long on your social obligations and trying for the high score on one of the arcade cabinets at the bar in town, and as a result you're failing a class?  Not too much of a problem, you'll just repeat the semester.  You can take as long as you need, and repeat as often as you wish.  You'll never technically flunk out.  It's a nice, low-stress approach to learning.\n\nAs far as the school itself, the more fantastical and interesting the better.  The world should be interesting and filled with secrets to unravel.  It should be populated with a wide range of characters including fellow classmates and professors and all their various quirks and eccentricities.  You should be able to develop relationships with these characters by speaking to them, discovering their likes and dislikes, gifting them things, and attaining stats and achievements that cause them to take notice of you.\n\nThe game is ""complete"" when you've successfully gone through an entire curriculum with a passing grade and can attend the graduation ceremony where you are provided with a diploma.  From there you can retake the course work and aim for a higher grade, or go for a different major.  In fact, I think there's a lot of possibility to expand the game post-release with more majors to pursue, topics to learn, new characters, professors, locations, and events, similar to how Stardew Valley continues to get content updates post-release.\n\nTLDR:\n\nStardew Valley, but it takes place in a university, and instead of farming there's an actual curriculum where you can learn actual, useful skills, all wrapped up in a life-sim RPG."
lbj74d,Intersting game idea for 2 developers?,"It's out first gamejam and we want an interesting idea... something not too ambitious, not hard to program. The game topic is not defined."
lbinvl,Mountain-goat survival meets Viking-RPG,"I was thinking about how scary cliffs are in real life and how most games lose that fear in the first few minutes of playing. Think less assassin's creed and more balance beam. Combat would be designed around both killing and making your opponent fall. It would probably need to have environmental factors like rain, snow, mud, ect. I'm not sure how difficult this would be to program but it would be cool to have a vertigo mechanic and other falling/quick time events. I'm personally tired of all the games that have ripped off the climbing mechanics of assassin's creed. You would never rock climb. Just live on the edge of oblivion. \n\nIs this possible or even sound like a good idea?"
lbi5kq,Come and get Some with this.,"This is a Sick! Idea a Game where all the Action heros from Jackie Chan to Tony Jaw, Bruce Lee and even the Rock and Chuck Noris are in a First Person aswell as Third Person optional or vice versa Game. Built upon the same Structuralit as the Spiderman for PS4 or the Miles Moralis Game of PS5. With Striking Blows and Combos even a free open online Coop as the Gangs vs the Good Martial Artists would exist. It would surely raise eyes in appeal seeing as how the Double Dragon Games of the Past have been over looked for remake. If anyone knows the fun of playing Jackie Chan Stunt Master for Super Nintendo they would surely agree my idea Rules the Show!"
lbgxc6,[UNITY 2017+++] Aswome game source code : take it at $ 159.99,[removed]
lbghk8,"Minecraft, but online and in Elite Dangerous scale","Recently I was watching a Elite video and was blown away with the beauty and size of that game, then I thought to myself: ""If I could build whatever I wanted on that planet, this would be the ultimate videogame"".\nJust imagine: landing and exploring a planet on the far corners of the galaxy and then finding the ruins of a base build some player that was there months ago, or a group of people building a city world like Coruscant from Star Wars, or just a nice hill for you to build anything on top. Now, THAT would be exploration and discovery."
lbg089,I need a game idea. help,I’m stuck on coming up with and idea for a game. I don’t want the game to be multiplayer or an rpg/survival game.
lbdqpk,Idea for game function,"I have art for a side scrolling platformer, but cannot find any ideas for what to put in the game regarding what special things you can/cannot do and even the story. Please give me ideas\n\nP.S. I am a beginning programmer in unity with c++ so please nothing to ambitious, but instead something small, but fun."
lbcamm,"A political-adventure game that uses Shadow of Mordor's Nemesis System so that when you die, time advances with all the political players shifting in power for you try again with your character's first-born heir.","Various political factions fight for power while you, the true heir to the throne, and a small group of supporters try to reinstall you. As you clash with Lords, Masters, Generals and other regional power brokers, you get to appoint any loyal supporters or uneasy allies to those positions in conquered regions.\n\nHowever, when you die, time skips forward to when your next of kin becomes of age. Through the aforementioned Nemesis style system, you get to see a condensed shift in power as the one who killed you grows in prominence, characters you humiliated fall, the family you marry into ascends politically, characters you met who betray their leaders or make new allegiances, and new political players emerge from the rubble.\n\nAll of it emergent.\n\nAs you progress, your followers and allies slowly gain power, money, territory and influence. With enough of that, you next heir might finally get a stab at the throne."
lbb7mj,How to get my ideas of my game from the paper to an app?,"So I’ve had this idea for awhile after Downloading multiple ideas of the game but nothing comes close to what I’d like to build. The issue is it’s just an idea, I have no coding background so trying to get from my notebook to actual software has been an issue. Any help on first steps to getting my idea into a software would be greatly appreciated."
lb8g95,Super hero game,"Someone should make a game for coders where you can make a superpowers much like my hero academia but you have code the character either with a simple coder like scratch for kids and a legit coder for coders so you can have any power you want if know how to code and you can have more strict powers if you don’t. In other words a coding game that’s an mmorpg or just an rpg where you code your character, one version for non coders and another for coders, hope this makes sense"
lb8b9d,Vampire Metroidvania,"In this game the player will take the role of an ancient Vampire Lord who has woken up from a 300 year sleep to find his castle over run by 20th century scientists with an area 51 paramilitary security. You kept a retinue of lesser vampires in your castle who have been captured and are being experimented on by the scientists. As their Lord it is your duty to rescue them and drive off the trespassers.\n\nThe only way of dispatching enemies will be a blood sucking melee attack which will refill your health bar. Being the 20th century most of your enemies will be armed with guns. I want the combat to be about closing distance and dispatching ranged opponents with a melee attack through speed and stealth. The vampire aspect is to ensure the player can top off their health regularly, to give some context as to why the avatar is using melee in a predominantly ranged combat setting, and a reason why the  avatar  is so good at it.\n\nOther than the setting and combat, I am planning on a standard metroidvania platformer. Interconnected rooms with new enemies spawning in when the player enters the room. Bosses stay dead after initial defeat. Finding shrine rooms activate abilities which allow the player to reach more of the map.\n\nAbilities could include:\n\n* vanish in shadows\n* double jump\n* wall slide/jump\n* dash attack\n* grappling hook\n* shatter weak masonry (open hidden rooms)\n\n""retinue of lesser vampires"" can be replaced with ""harem of sexy vampires"" depending on art style. For now I am just thinking along the lines of abilities and combat."
lb4ol9,Pocket D&amp;D: Entire adventure in 15 minutes,Squeeze adventures down to a size that doesn't monopolize an entire evening (or day ... or week).
lb2ldr,A Game Mechanic.....,"Ok so hear me out....\n\nI understand that this could probably be the hardest thing to do in the world when it comes to programming all of the variables but this is a place for ideas. My idea is you take a fantasy setting that is primarily ran by magic, and the idea is that you have had gods who have been worshipped by devotees and those who went against them. But the main thing that I wanted to talk about was the aspect of abilities and the magic that you wield itself, more specifically on how to acquire such magic.\n\nMy idea is that instead of just having a fixed skill tree that, in my opinion, is very boring and too linear. So instead I wanted to know if you could take multiple variables or aspects of procedural generation and turn that into randomizing magic spells. Of course before hand you would have to choose say a school of magic like fire, ice, lightning, wind, etc. However, would it be possible that a developer/programmer would be able to take the case aspect of your restricted element type and anytime you explore an abandoned area or kill a boss it will drop a spell page that is completely randomized in how it functions, it's shape, it's overall effect, it's range, cast time, mana cost, etc. \n\nBecause this idea is probably the game in of itself, just being that level of procedural generation and the fact that I have no idea how to program it, the game itself would be fairly basic in terms of graphics and the world itself. \n\nI just want to hammer in on the aspect of procedurally generated spells whenever you acquire loot. Like how cool would it be if you kill a tough boss from a raid, and they drop a spell or two that could create say a column of fire that would knock your foes in the air for x amount of seconds and another spell that could say summon a weapon made out of your element which has different effects and size depending on the level of the spell. I don't know though, just a little thought."
lb1qew,pirate mmorpg idea,"Pirate game mmorpg...  a world where you join a guild ""pirate crew"", and board a pirate ship sail around the emersive seas open world... islands with tresures to be found ect... what makes this unique would be your all doing this together as a guild.. questing dungeons raid towns ect.... there are no lvls within the game but you unlock abilities you can use by finding misterious treasure... your able to have 5 abilities on your bar so you mix and match abilities to your likeing creating your own unique persona... could also allow for guild vs guild type pvp"
laz2zh,Open World Age of Sail Game,"I keep dreaming of an open world game, set during the Age of Sail. My game would build on the ideas of other games. This post is more of what I would want for the game and if I had the know-how this is the kind of game I would make. Obviously it would take a lot of work but it would definitely be possible given enough time. Funding wouldn't matter if I did it on my own time and money but that means I would need, programming experience, 3d modeling experience, illustration and design experience, and the money for a server to run the online part on.\n\nGame elements would be inspired from:\n\nStellaris (Government, Online Multiplayer)\n\nNaval Action (Ship design, open world, and combat)\n\nCrusader Kings (Government, War)\n\nStar Trek Online (Trading, Online Multiplayer)\n\nI have played several and I see their flaws expressed by reviewers and my own review of the games. I would learn from their mistakes but also from what they did well. To make this age of sail game appeal to a broader audience, i would probably make it have a little bit of everything. Which would be a lot of work, but it would be worth it in the long run. Here is what i envision:\n\nIt would be set not in a specific time period but in a broad time range. The time period would look like id say around late 1800. But the ships would range from the 1400s to the 1800s. The ships would be detailed, they would not be low-poly. But not so detailed that the game requires a high end setup. This game should be able to run on a lower end setup. Same with general graphics. I know that's ambitious.\n\nSo the gameplay mechanics would consist of these elements:\n\nCOMBAT\n\n\-Combat would be similar to games like Naval Action, except I imagine there only being 2 instances in the game. In Naval Action there are 3. Port, Open World, and Combat. I only want port and open world. I want combat to take place anywhere, and at any time. The combat will also be much simpler, with there being a general reload time based on ships stats, certain ammo depending on what you have purchased, and then damage based on the ""pound"" of gun you have. Then just sink the other ship. Having combat in open world means guns would need to work and be able to fire at all times. This would be very nice because it could lead to more gameplay choices for players.\n\n\-Firing on same-nation ships is possible but makes you a pirate and so you will face the same risks and dangers as one. If you fire on an ally nations ships then that can hurt relations between nations and destroy an alliance. If you fire on other nations ships during peace then that would add to the War Risk Meter. Firing on Neutral Nation ships makes that nation more likely to ally against your nation. Firing on all of the above will also create a penalty in the form of a fine equivalent to half the value of the damage you caused. Hopefully this will de-incentivize friendly fire and keep things civil between nations, but leaves it as an option for players who enjoy causing chaos.\n\n\-First Person combat should be possible and should be done with pistols and swords of the era. It could possibly happen on the ship, during boarding, etc.\n\nTRADING\n\n\-The trading would be more complex than just ""buy low, sell high"". You would be able to sell anything you have. Your business would make products you could sell for a price you set. It would kind of be like the Star Trek Online market. Except things wouldn't be locked to a higher rank. They would just either benefit you or not benefit you. Such as buying a larger cannon for a small ship or buying marines for a trading ship you own. Marines would only be available if you were working for the government as a trader. Otherwise you would just hire mercenaries or an escort ship even. You should be able to hire other players as an escort, and trades with other players freely, in a ""shirt off my back"" kind of way.\n\n\-Traders, whether NPC or Player, need to be VALUABLE to a nation. So that a nation is negatively impacted if a trader is sunk or killed or captured. This means Player Traders aren't just expendable money makers. Your goods are taxed, that tax goes to the government, this money is spent by the treasurer, or whatever term they will be called, to build farms, shipyards, fisheries, more naval vessels, etc. Government business would be separate from your own business, so you would have to purchase your own farms or factories or even a shipyard. I would say a limit of 2 farms, 2 fisheries, 1 factory, and 1 shipyard. The farms produce 1 product of your choice, that collects at a certain rate which you can sell at any time. Same with the factory and fishery.\n\n\-You can also use the goods you produce and not just sell them. For instance if your factory produces hull repair kits you can use them for yourself if you want. And farms could produce food for your ship, that get used automatically on voyages, such as meat, alcohol of some kind, or grains. The shipyard will be a place to customize your ship, repair it, hire crew, and also equip different items.\n\nBUSINESS MANAGEMENT\n\n\-this would follow the management simulation that would appeal to players who like crunching numbers and developing a profitable trade business. Trade would be based on licenses. Licenses would apply to different materials. You can buy licenses or bribe officials for them (this includes players). This could get you fined a quarter of the bribe amount if reported by a player or NPC for bribery. You can earn them through favors as well. Such as requesting one from a government if you have good standing. They may grant it. the licenses wouldn't cost so much that you would have to grind for days to get them. And opening a business would be free the first time, for 1 business, and would also be based on how the economy is doing. The government might want to charge more for goods or licenses if the economy is doing poorly.\n\nEXPLORATION\n\n\- the map would become more visible as you explore. In the age of sail you wouldn't be able to see where you are. So navigation tools would be implemented.\n\n\-Id say Treasure Hunting would be a great exploration activity. Treasure would be different items of different qualities, maybe a bunch of gold.\n\n\-The map would probably encompass the entire world and major trade ports in the late 1800s. The map would have to be scaled in a way that it doesn't actually take a month to get somewhere, because that will drive away players. It would have to take 30 minutes MAX to get somewhere. and im talking around the globe.\n\nNAVIGATION\n\n\-Navigating in the age of sail was complicated, but in general relied on the stars and landmarks. That means the skybox needs to be accurate enough so that navigation of that time period can be simulated. Id make an option for revealing your position on the map. Because having to navigate realistically would drive away players who want an easier experience. So id leave the realistic navigation for the hardcore players.\n\n\-Environmental hazards were an everyday risk in the age of sail. This includes, high waves, stormy weather, shallow water, reefs, and collisions. These should all cause damage to a ship. That means a repair mechanic would need to be implemented, and would work up to a point. Too much damage would lead to abandoning the ship. It would sink and the player would end up in a lifeboat, if the ship has any of course. You then have the option to fast travel back to port or wait to be rescued by a friend or other vessel. If an NPC sees you sinking they should come and help. They might end up sinking too depending on what sank you. For instance if a hidden reef breached your hull then the NPC might end up running into that same reef or a different one. This would be a hazard more common near shallow ports. Battening up hatches would prevent flooding in stormy weather that could sink your ship. Forgetting to do it before sailing into a storm could cause flooding. If your repair team doesn't bail out water fast enough then you could sink. This would be more of a risk to smaller ships.\n\nECONOMY\n\n\- With trade and business mechanics, an economy mechanic would also need to be implemented. This would have to be able to fluctuate based on supply and demand And NPCs WILL contribute to the economy. So that if a player fleet blockades a port, this will actually have a negative impact on trade and the economy. I would want this to have a negative impact bad enough to cause a player response. But I would want to make it so that it isn't easy-peasy to just blockade a port, and ruin other players trading. Which will no doubt upset them.\n\nNPCs\n\n\-They dont have to be super advanced. They just have to be able to fight, and trade. NPC ships will range from traders to privateers. An NPC privateer will attack you depending on your ship class (They wont be stupid) ,whether you are a trader or not, and what nation you belong to. Privateers will be more common during wartime. None during peace, because obviously that could start a war. Navy NPCs can chase you down and search you for contraband or chase you away from their waters. They wont outright destroy you unless you cause them to think you are a threat. During wartime contraband searches will be more frequent. These will not be done by ships of the line but more likely by fast Sloops and Schooners. So you wont have a first rate pull up to a cutter and board it. Thats just unrealistic in general. Players will be able to outrun Patrol NPCs if they are fast enough.\n\n\-NPC Trading will be based on several factors. Their nation, what goods their nations produces, in turn that will effect trading destinations. Maybe Great Britain wants a lot of cotton from America, so they would pay more for it. That means the player can sell cotton to Great Britain if they have it or if they run a cotton farm. NPCs HAVE TO contribute. Because if they dont you will see low player nations basically die off and it will be like they are non-existent. NPC traders will interact with Players, on their won accord. They will trade with players.\n\n\-I want players to not be able to tell very easily if an NPC is also a player. And I dont mean by how smart they are. The most common thing that alienates NPCs is their contribution to the players. If they are utterly useless the players will see them as obstacles and targets to their gameplay. I want players to feel like the NPCs are just as useful as a player. Even feel a connection to them. NPC traders of the same nation will warn players of the same nation of contraband searches. I feel like this could be done by having the NPC ship flag down the player in close range and the player and NPC could anchor next to each other and have that dialogue. That includes trading. NPCs should be able to do everything a Player could. That way if a solo session is implemented, the Player wont feel like they have to do everything to stir up the action. NPCs should bring the fun and action to the player.\n\nPIRACY\n\n\-Piracy needs to be more complex than the usual, destroy ship x, take cargo, sell cargo. In my mind, pirate players will need a good ship for the job. They also are not going to have a first rate. Unless they capture one. Yes, if a pirate player captures a players 1st rate or an NPC 1st rate they get to keep it. But in general first rates are only commissioned to high ranking naval officers with enough experience. First rates are basically a nations status symbol. Pirates are not going to be able to buy them. Only capture. In general only civilian vessels will be able to be purchased by pirates. But they can use whatever ship they capture without restriction. Players can then buy guns for the vessel. I would say the biggest vessel a pirate can buy outright is a brig. But it will have to be modified for combat. This way players aren't getting ""ganked"" by pirates in 3rd rates or higher.\n\n\-Pirate players wont have many rules. Its kind of a free for all. Attack other pirates, attack any nation, Attack any ship. You would be able to use other nations flags to keep PLAYERS OR NPCs off their guard until you get close and then BOOM! raise the jolly roger. You would show up as a player from the same nation to them, which would be determined by a telescope only. That would be fun. That means players will have to pay attention to ships in their area. Because they could see a US flag and then not pay attention and suddenly they are attacked by a pirate. I dont know if NPCs should use this feature as well. Pirate attacks wont be common either.\n\n\-There will be a safe haven for pirates. It will just be an island called Tortuga, and it will only be visible to Pirates on the map. This is to prevent enforcement from blockading Tortuga. If Tortuga is approached by non-pirates a severe storm will gather and it will eventually sink any non-pirate vessel. Pirates who take refuge here will have to give up 1 item from their hold and a small share of their profits. For instance if a player pirate attacks a galleon and gets some trade goods like cotton and rum, the player can keep the rum and give up the cotton and vice versa. The fee would only be 100 gold. The item given up and the fee will automatically translate into an equivalent value in the Pirate Nations wealth. The pirates just have a council that runs things. They cannot declare war or build capital ships, but their shipyard can build bigger ships than a brig like a frigate, and allow full customization.\n\n\-To keep Pirate attacks low, all nations will have a limit of NPC pirates. 2 for developed nations, 3 for undeveloped ones. And this also depends on the economy. The worse the economy gets, the higher the chance a pirate NPC will become active. Players wont be limited because that's not a restriction id want. They wont have super strong ships, so Pirating wont be ""unstoppable"". If your Trader ship has guns, then I would say a galleon with cannons could protect itself well. This will make pirates target vessels that are evenly matched, have no cannons, or smaller vessels. A pirate can get a bigger ship buy capturing it. This means success is based on skill. Or greed. Just like a real pirate.\n\n\- A pirate player is a pirate at all times. They are only known when they are reported. So as long as you aren't reported travel wont be restricted. you can still travel to a port, but if you are known then there is a probability of being found out and you and your crew being arrested and your ship taken. Then you get Hung along with your crew, lose your ship, and have to start over. And that's if you make it into the port. There will also be a possibility of being ""found out"" while sailing to port by NPC enforcers. Player Enforcers may or may not recognize your ship as a pirate vessel. Players will be able to tell, if they recognize the name of your ship, which is proudly displayed on the back. You should be able to change the name of your ship, just like with the flag. That could keep you from being recognized and should also lower the possibility of you being found out by players or NPCs. This will increase Notoriety and Incentivize players to search for you harder. This means Player enforcers may board and search more ships and patrols around harbors may become more frequent. This is to keep player pirates from being ""unstoppable"". But in a way that's realistic and contributes to gameplay.\n\nENFORCEMENT\n\n\-Players or NPCS can hunt pirates. This will be based on known Pirates. Player Pirates will not be known unless a player reports them. Then they will receive a bounty based on damages done. Their bounty will be increased based on the amount of damage done. This would be determined by tonnage sank, what ship they sank, and the value of cargo. This means Player pirates could literally be public enemy number 1 for several nations. The reward for the sinking of the pirate player or NPC will go up, and that will incentivize Enforcement players to hunt down this player or NPC and claim the bounty. Player Enforcers are allowed to board and search vessels. They can board any vessel that comes into  their nations waters. Otherwise they can't. Same with NPC vessels. Thats only for searching a ship for contraband. In wartime those restrictions are lifted. Because the only times you'd need to board a ship is for enforcement or to capture the vessel. Enforcement takes place in territorial waters at all times. Capture takes place during piracy or war. There will be an option to board a vessel outside territorial waters. But this will increase the War risk. Any negative action done by enforcement up to sinking another nations vessel during peacetime results in a higher war risk.\n\nGOVERNMENT\n\n\-The player should be involved in their nations politics, but only if they choose. This means that players could have different government occupations, such as a diplomat, who can negotiate with other Player or NPC diplomats to stop a war. If the war risk meter gets too high, a diplomat is needed. Or negotiate Trade by requesting certain goods or saying ""hey your country needs x, we have x, how about we trade more of x with you, you pay more for x and we call it a deal eh?"" Afterwards, the diplomat who chooses to buy more of x gets to make it official, in which case it becomes a nation-wide rule. This means that player Traders benefit from the diplomat Players decision. Diplomats basically help improve their country relations wise. This job is done by NPCs, unless a player chooses to be one.\n\n\-Treasurer (or whatever) spends the countries money on things that improve it. There will be a set amount of spendable money that when spent wont detract from a nations Status. It will be used to buy farms for growing products that traders can sell. It can also be used to buy factories, that produce a multitude of different goods, and more naval vessels for your country. There will be a certain limit to the number of farms, factories, and different vessels the nation can buy. Probably 10 capital ships, 5 farms, and 3 factories as a limit. The farms and factories will produce money every minute for the Nation and produce more items for trade at port. Certain goods wont\n\n\-Then their is the enforcement position. Players in this position can do different things based on their rank. The highest rank, Admiral or Fleet admiral get to do war stuff. If a diplomat fails to prevent War, the Admirals or brought into a meeting. Where they decide military targets to attacks, and what style to attack them in. Their is then a vote amongst the nations players on whether to start a war. This way it isn't just high ranking players starting wars. It gives everybody a voice.\n\n\-To prevent Big countries from utterly obliterating a smaller one, Ally elements would be implemented. If Great Britain decides to declare war on the US, then France and Spain may join the US as allies. That would be really bad for Britain. But it would be the same for smaller nations. They can be ruled by other nations, or just supported by them. That means if they do have war declared on them, they can request help from  a bigger country. A small nation would be more likely Ruled over by the British, while the US would more likely just support one. The difference being a small nation ruled over by a larger one will already have a garrison to defend it. and could put up a bigger fight then one only supported by a larger nation.\n\nWAR\n\n\-The WAR RISK METER would decide when war is going to break out. The meter would add up in percent due to actions taken by players. It can also be brought down by good actions so that this way, players will not just drive it through the roof and make war inevitable. The Admiralty can start a vote at any time, that way war can still happen at any time. The players of the Nation still have to vote on it. They can choose not to, but whatever the majority decision is, is what decides it. Smaller nations can declare war on big ones. Obviously a smaller nation would not pose a threat to a big one so the larger Nation will not need to take drastic or immediate action. The war goes on until one Nation surrenders or wins. Surrender option wont be available until probably 75% of total loss. Winning only requires the destruction of high value targets. Such as ports or capital ships.\n\nCUSTOMIZATION\n\n\-Customization would be done in both a general and personal shipyard. The general shipyard would be available to all players from the start, and would have buy and sell options for ships. Every Player would start out in a cutter. There would be smaller ships available like a rowboat for sale, which could be used for fishing, and could also be put on your ship as a kind of lifeboat or excursion vessel.\n\n\-The Personal Shipyard would have the option to purchase upgrades, such as reinforcements, cannons, sails, etc. It would also have customization options like a paint tool. Which would have different modes like free paint and sectional pain. Free Paint would let you freely paint your ship unrestricted by section. Sectional paint would divide ship sections and let you choose colors for them, such as railings, decks, masts, etc. You can buy colored sails or paint them yourself. you can also buy designs for the sails as well, depending on your occupation or nation.\n\nSHIPYARD\n\n\- The shipyard is where customization, buying, selling, repair, building, and crafting for ships takes place. Default ships are sold, as well as a separate player ship selling category for selling ships you build. Building ships at the shipyard takes certain materials, but is simple enough. Wood, cloth, and stone are the simplest ingredients for building one. It requires more supplies and some other materials like iron for bigger ones. Different types of wood can be used and those woods also translate to stats and appearance because not all woods are dark or light. So unpainted wood will have the color and appearance of the wood the ship is built with. Repair is where ships are repaired after being damaged, or cleaned. After time barnacles and other stuff collect on the ship and this can cause drag in the water, so it needs to be cleaned. You can buy a copper plating for the hull. This will also appear on the physical 3d model of the ship after its bought.\n\n\-You can change the ships name for a fee at any time. Designs for the ship are also available, like engravings and different figureheads. I want pretty much every part of the ship customizable appearance wise.\n\nONLINE/OFFLINE\n\n\-Online should be persistent, and id want it to be configured so that it doesn't have to be wiped every week or something. There would probably have to be different servers based on country that way ping doesn't get too high for everybody. But I honestly dont know much about this part so its all up in the air right now.\n\n\-Offline is just a solo version of the game. NPCs should replace the functions of all the players that would be there online. So offline mode would be a lot like a RTS game.\n\nThats all I have for now."
lawrjw,What would make a fun addictive indie game?,"I wanted to create a medium-sized multiplayer indie game but I'm not sure if they would be interesting enough.\n\nThe main concept was to either make it a game where you try to win against other players but I feel like those games are pretty repetitive (Fall Guys is a great example of that).\n\nSo a co-op game would be more interesting as you could play with friends and other people and it wouldn't be as repetitive but the issue is what should it be about, what would they do in the game? \n\n\nAny ideas?\n\nThanks in advance!"
lawajp,"Dating sim, but you've already won the girl. Now you're married, planning a family, and you have to keep her - i.e. avoid losing the spark and divorcing.","I don't really have paragraphs to add about this like I usually do; this is a game I legitimately have no interest in making myself, but I have a strong suspicion that there are people who would enjoy the challenge. Heck, there's probably people on this sub that have been through something similar and can base some of the game on real life."
lavhbo,Post-apocalyptic underwater RPG,"Thinking less Bioshock, and more Subnautica meets Fallout.\n\nSome sort of grave environmental crisis/disaster/alien invasion has occurred on the surface, forcing survivors into a variety of underwater settlements.  This would include a rich variety of NPCs, and a number of different factions you could align with and/or fight against, as well as the option to eventually create your own settlements and recruit NPCs to inhabit them.\n\nThe same crisis has mutated existing sea life and/or introduced alien organisms, making underwater life more diverse and dangerous.\n\nA number of not fleshed out concepts:\n\n- Some humans are deliberately genetically modifying themselves to be more adapted to an underwater environment, which is somewhat controversial, and in some cases has unanticipated side effects.  Players can eventually opt to take on the same procedures.\n\n- You can visit the surface, but only for brief periods, due to the risk of poison/disease/radiation/aliens.\n\n- You can train underwater animals as companions/mounts.\n\n- A highly effective form of seawater based hydrogen fuel cells are developed, which provide a sort of energy revolution, facilitating new technological development avenues."
lavehu,Meat baby,Play as baby try to find meat on fridge
lavee3,Butter Toast,"The protagonist loves to butter the toast the moment it pops out of that toaster, melting the butter on perfectly. Nice and warm bread, no reheating it, no popping it back in a toaster oven at low temp, just that convenient action of spreading butter on your toast and having it melt nicely, that keeps them going every day. The levels start off quaint and simple, the protagonist gets the butter to their toast from farther and farther away in the environment. Like candybox.io ramp up speed(real slow), and then the gameplay starts getting more and more intense and in depth, it’s clear the protagonist is a criminal who will do anything to get to their toast on time. Y’know like mirrors edge parkour style mechanics or like some kind of highly destructive fighting challenge, idk like a GTA V mission but just for buttering toast."
lavbvv,Project 1: The Ashter,"A game that take inspire mainly from BEWARE and ALIEN ISOLATION.\nThe game will be a combination of (driving simulator, rpg, story telling with different ending depend on the player action, survival horror, open world), from my view the game will give the player a unique experience, we can give you more detail but that would ruin it, the reason why i think it will be famous is because:\nFirst: it take inspire by many succesfull game before and we take some features and mod it\nSecond: the story is still being work on but so far its looking good and there will be twist in one of the ending.\nThirdly: the environment is very interactive, dinamic weather and lighting for ex when it dark some fog will cover the road and then when the orange light are on it will give you a strange feeling and when it day the fog will still be there but the white sunlight, i cant explain it but it was beautiful.\nFourthly: the AI are intellegence, some of them are very sensitive and there will be many enemy for example ATOMIC HEART, and you will also have a weapon, crafting and did i mention about great phisics, yeah it come with the interactive environment too, i wish i can tell you more but you know, the concept is being develop by BRICK BONES studio.\n\nBRICK BONE studio is an small non official studio (YET) create by a small group of people, im the project leader and i have some doubt about it, will it ever come out or will it meet the same fate like ROUTINE."
latqh4,A greek mythology based open world RPG,"Yes, there are some games like God of War, Assasin's Creed Odyssey and Immortals Fenix Rising. All of them are good, but not very accurate.\n\nImagine a game that is accurate to the mythology (or almost).\nBy accurate I mean that everything is based on the myths and legends.\n\nIn my mind, the game is set in ancient Greece. The map would be enormous and totally explorable. Every town, village, forest, river, island. Even the Underworld, Olympus, the Labyrinth, Tartarus or Poseidon's Palace.\n\nThe player can do a lot of things like explore, fight, buy or sell items, accept or delince side quests, gather resources, build, steal, make sacrifices to the gods, talk or hang out with the NPCs or just relax.\n\nThe main character will be customizable. The customize system would be quite detalied, similar to the one from Black Desert .\nBeside the appearance of the chatacter, you can choose their background. The background defines who the character is, and comes with various buffs and debuffs. You can choose to be a mortal or a demigod. Each one has different subclasses like if you choose mortal, there will be peasant, noble, philosopher, soldier, priest, adventurer, farmer, ranger or miner. But if you choose demigod, there you can choose who your god parent is (even minor gods), and based of the parent, you get abilities similar to that god (obviously, not so powerful).\n\nAfter you created the character, the story will start.\nI don't know what story but I have some ideas:\nA. The titans want to rise again and take revenge on the gods;\nB. Typhon has woken up and wants to destroy the gods\nC. Civil war beetween the gods\nPlease leave your ideas in the comments\n\nBesides the main quest, you can accept various side quests from NPCs like to get the Golden Fleece, to catch the Cerynean Hind, capture the Erymanthian boar, clean the stables of king Augeas, obtain golden apples from the Hesperides nymphs, to travel to Underworld and bring back to life from there a person, or easier ones.\n\nIn the story would be boss battles, mosly creatures. Medusa, the Nemean Lion, the Hydra, Stymphalian birds, Polyphemus, the Minotaur, Cerberus and a few gods depending on the reputation.\n\nThe reputation system will affect interactions beetween you and the gods. Some of them would help you, and other would want to kill you, based on your actions. If you piss off a god a lot, it will end in a boss fight.\nIf a god really likes you, he or she will give you special abilities and perks.\n\nThe death would be entierly something else than in most games. After you die, the character goes to the Underworld and is judged. If the judgement is positive, you respawn at the place in that you died with all the items. If it's not, you will respawn at the last save without any items.\n\nThere would be a lot of items and weapons, some with different rarities. Some of the weapons include swords, rapiers, various shields, hammers, spears, bows, Zeus' Lightbing Bolt, Poseidon's Trident, Helm of Darkness, Ares' spear, Ares' sword, Aegis, Hepaestus' Hammer,  Hermes' Flying Sandals, the Caduceus.\n\nThat would be the first gamemode. A second gamemode would be unlocked after you complete the story.\n\nIn the second gamemode, you play as a disguised god (you can choose what god and swith the gods if you want). You can do anything. Interact with anyone,  shapeshift, provoke quarrels, control people and environment, summon creatures, unleash your wrath on the humans or integrate into the crowd trying to behave as a human"
late7o,Theme ideas for digital drinking board game,"I'm developing a game, which is essentially a digital board game version of the drinking game [Kings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kings_(game)).\n\nI'm trying to come up with a theme for aesthetics.\n\nI was thinking of bean-type characters akin to *Fall Guys* or *Among Us*. The game would be based in a Colosseum like stadium and the ruler (e.g. Caesar) would be forcing the gladiators to play the game which results in them drinking poison. Therefore, when your character drinks, you drink.\n\nBut if anyone else has any ideas, I'd love to hear them!\n\nThanks in advance."
laqxuj,"Idea. You take jobs on a Space station, for ai's. They fly out into war with their Space ships, and you get paid to be in the spaceship and repair it or Something during the war. Thinking about making it, but dont really know what your job should be. Something fun. VR or not vr.",
laqcoy,Mario &amp; Sonic Party,[deleted]
lapczl,Pong RPG,"Concept is fairly straightforward: Basic RPG elements (i.e. stats, equipment, HP, skills, etc.) but in a pong environment. That is, the player can maybe explore the map, but the battle scene will take place as a slightly more elaborate pong match.\n\nDifferent enemies use a different ""ball"" (or balls, plural), which, when they pass your paddle, inflict damage to you, but if you successfully bounce them back past the enemy's paddle, inflicts damage to them.\n\nSome examples of this might include:\n\n• Skeleton that uses a bone as a ball, which moves in an arc instead of a straight line.\n\n• Magma golem that uses one big magma rock as a ball, and when that ball connects with a paddle/wall at a high enough velocity, it breaks into 3 smaller fragments that bounce around.\n\nIn addition to different enemy and attack types (the projectile), there might also be different environments/terrains that create a unique experience when battling certain enemies.\n\nSome examples of this might include:\n\n• Rising water levels on a beach could flood the pong ""field"" (rectangle?), wherein the ball/projectile will slow by 25-50% whenever it travels through the water. If the projectile in question is a fish (in case maybe you fight a dolphin pirate?), then maybe the projectile actually moves faster in the water.\n\n• A dark cave where the ball is a fireball or glowing light that maybe flickers on and off, illuminating itself and its surroundings.\n\nFinally, there could be alternative battle types, or simply ""mini-games"" of sorts that the player might encounter on their journey.\n\nSome examples could include:\n\n• An inexperienced archer is attempting to win the gold, but they need your help (you control the target, and the closer to the center of the paddle the arrow hits, the more points they receive).\n\n• A clumsy swabby is trying to clean some dirty spots off the deck. Moving the paddle back and forth will sway the boat in the direction the paddle moves, directing the swabby as they slowly make their way across the boat to clean it.\n\nI hope this is enough to get the ball rolling (or paddling) and spark some ideas, and I look forward to seeing any developments you make, whether they are inspired by this post or not! 🙂"
lao5sx,Game idea/story that takes place in a small area,"Looking for a game idea/story that can take place within a small area or a few small areas. I was thinking something like an apartment. I'm trying to think of cool mechanics I could use or a story to tell (nothing long, 1-2hrs max). Any ideas?\n\nEdit: I have a few loose ideas but they're all over the place. One has to do with the player doing generic things in the apartment until the door bell rings and a package is dropped off. This package contains a key to a secret room with a portal that brings the player to other, small levels. \n\nAnother idea is a player that has to complete tasks in an ever changing apartment, where things change once out of view with a Stanley Parable narration style"
lam6aq,Reverse Skill Tree,"As the title may suggest, you start as a character that is at the equivalent of a fully maxed skill tree. But due to some event like a curse or disease. Your character is forced to devolve (lose skill points) throughout the game, forcing the player to make choices as to what skills to preserve, and which to sacrifice forming the main challenge. For example, the player may choose to have lower health to preserve the power of some ability. Enemy encounters may be initially easy, but as the player loses skills, they are forced to play with more caution.\n\nNarrative-wise the character may be initially cocky and self-absorbed due to their power, but throughout the game, as the character loses their skills, the character may undergo an internal, emotional arc loosely following the stages of grief. The character may end the game humbled and more respectful, perhaps offered the chance to regain their powers but instead, choosing to return to a family (or something similar) in which the character had abandoned at the start of the game. \n\nThe main problem with this concept (aside from being the opposite of the power fantasy) is, how will the player not be overwhelmed by the skills the character starts with initially and thus be frustrated. \n\nI am unsure as to which specific genre of game this would fit under as I believe the concept is relatively malleable as many games rely on the concept of a skill tree for player progression. Though this definitely would not be suitable for a multiplayer game.\n\nI started an account just to get this idea off my chest which has been constantly niggling in the back of my head, hopefully now having written this down I will be able to put it to rest. I have little experience with a wide range of games having only seriously played TF2, R6 and recently CK3 so sorry if this idea comes off as amateurish, deeply flawed or just unoriginal."
lam0ai,Good RPG ideas,"I’m working on a top down retro style rpg game similar to Zelda based around the medieval times but a I need a good story line, something not too ambitious but something that would be easy to understand and would make a good game around. If you reply feel free to suggest any features like turn based combat etc."
lakxep,Robot repair simulator,"In this game, you start out as a lowly robot mechanic, repairing hardware (and maybe software) of low level robots (basically roombas).As you gain more profit from successfully repairing robots, you get access to better tools, more ways to customize your robot workshop and more profitable contracts (For example: high paying contract to repair a prototype military robot)."
lak9ak,A third-person open-world rpg survival game.,"Mechanics and concepts from other games id like to see:\n\nBuilding from The Forest\nThird person perspective from Breath of the Wild\nWeapon Gameplay and mechanics - a mix between dragons dogma and Monster Hunter world\nCrafting Upgrade system like from The Forest + Dont Starve + Monter Hunter World.\nMap sizes and object, building allocations more or less like Project Zomboid + State of Decay\nMonsters and Enemies variety like breath of the wild.\nGeneral artistic style like ghost of tsushima plus throw in the fighting systems of that as well.\n\n\nother Ideas:\n\nA training system for the rpg combat system.\nA system that allows for nomad playstyle but also a not necessarily complex but full building system\nFocus on creating a cool warrior that grows from consuming food and water regularly, bonuses and more mechanics unlocked through upgrading your base like the sims + project zomboid"
laj9x7,i had a game idea i wanted to share, so it takes place in the future and your an astronaut that got stuck in a ship in space and you have to survive in space and the ship for 128 in game days = 2 real life days and there would be a online version where your with a crew and other crews can attack you and steal your supply's and there would also be alien attacks and if you kill them you can get extra supply's and you can use oxygen to go out of the ship to get more supply's so if you like that and would buy it plz tell me
lahuna,RNG Manipulation,"The general concept of this game is that the main mechanic is ""RNG manipulation."" RNG is primarily controlled by a timer either in the game or in the console (as most of you know).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe idea here is that the in-game timer for the game is displayed on screen. The various levels would use RNG in different ways, like how ""Braid"" uses time in a variety of ways. (enemy type, enemy strength, &amp; enemy position just to name a few)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe RNG would probably make use of the seconds rather than the milliseconds or smaller so that the player could control it. One idea is that it could be a race to the end of the level where the last 3 digits of the timer are the boss' health.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nlet me know what you think of this mechanic below!"
lafzcd,VR tank game,"There is an idea that has been bothering me for a while now. Why there isn't yet one of these? Imagine putting all of your boys in to a tank and then compete against other tanks. I think it would be fun to do stupid shit in it. The less important crew members like radio operator could be optional for player control. For an example instead of needing a radio operator, the commander would be notified on the map. Loader could be replaced with AI that has fixed loading times (loading times would differ with the ammunition type and the position of the tank). It would be very interesting, because your effectivity in battle is only limited by your skills as a team. Module damage would feel super real, because if someone is knocked out, someone else has to take their job or if you've got blocked sights someone else (who has working sights) has to inform you. Also repairing your tank becomes much harder, because you can't just jump out of the tank and fix your tracks... some other tank has to cover you.\n\nI think it would be really fun and also very competitive. Skill cap of this game would be insanely high."
lafc5z,Guess the image by sound produced,So it is easy multiplayer game. Each round the player is shown a picture. He then tries to make sounds to describe the picture (But he should not speak). Other players are presented multiple pictures and guess which coresponds to a sound. You could also do it that one player creates sound and others try to reproduce it while one of the players guess which sound is original.
laeveb,You are amazing❤️,You guys are amazing. I am fascinated how you share your ideas and help other with useful tips. My heart are melting. Big thanks for all of you guys. ❤️
laek70,Help me design a 3d platformer mechanic!(Read whole comment),"Do any of you have some cool mechanics for 3d collect a thon platformers that are as versatile as cappy from mario odyssey(has to be completely original) somthing that can be chained with the movement. Something that allows players to move around skillfully using a mechanic. Movement is going to be a core focus of the game, so it needs to “blend” in and be chained with the moveset.  Look at this video if u want to know what im talking about: https://youtu.be/z_KVEjhT4wQ. I already have an idea in mind, something similar to the copy ability from Kirby, but I dont know how it would be executed. Example: in odyssey, the capture mechanic is the ""core"" mechanic, and cappy is the way it is executed. That is what I am requesting. A cool way to execute a mechanic."
ladvyz,In need of a simplistic mobile game idea,"So... I've been procrastinating for what feels like an eternity. It is about time I turn project after project into a fully functional game. Here is the thing:  \nYou know when you go shopping and as you leave the house you think of all the things you need? Then as soon as you arrive at the store you COMPLETELY forget what you wanted??... Yeah...  \n\n\nThe same kinda thing has happened to me for months on end now in terms of a game idea. Specifically, it could be anything but I'd like some sort of story-driven game or maybe a side-scroller of some kind. Storyline/plot isn't a necessity and maybe a whacky, silly mechanic on a simple idea could be enough...  \n\n\nHit me with what you got!"
lacf72,A soccer game where each player controls a single player on the field,"There are too many games where a player controls a whole team. I would really love to play a single role in a team with people playing other roles. I haven't put that much thought into this idea, and of course I know that it has a lot of room for error, but I believe that things can be modified and this can potentially become a good game."
la9e2m,Roundbased 2d versus game to be played by AIs,"I'm working on a framework where players can, with some effort, implement their own AI for the game to play against other players. \nHowever, i have not decided on a game yet. To keep it simple I'm looking for a 2D boardgame-like idea. \n\nThe original Idea was having a team of robots fight against another team of robots and they each have their own AI. But decided to not go with this idea due to complexity.\nRight now, I'm thinking of something like 2 Robots fighting on a chessboard or 1 unit for each player and they have to color an area by circling it, but it just doesn't seem interesting enough. \n\nIf you have Ideas or are willing to discuss about some simple, yet fun, concepts please post them.\n\nI'm also planning to use this project with the framework for educational purposes in the AI Bachelor."
la70qs,I search game idea : a solo game dev,"I like space game, car game and arcade. Maybe a dark space race but I also like plateformer and adventure. Maybe mix plateformer with race and you must move to planets to race.\n\nI am a 13 years xp pro game dev. I can do a lot with a keyboard but I am not a game designer, nor a graphist."
la1d3g,"'History of mankind', simulation of all life on earth and major historic events with the whole earth as map. Frankly, I'm convinced that this is how we'll be teaching our (grand(grand...?))kids evolution and history. But how far in the future is that?","I intentionally put the whole idea in the title. At some point we will have the full model of the earth at each point in time, reconstructed to the best of our knowledge. Only major events will be reconstructed absolutely correctly, most interactions between animals/humans will be based on statistics, according to a given framework that was established by physical and historic reconstruction.\n\nThis is mostly educational: Whenever you are looking for a historic fact, you just go to that year and that point in time. \n\nYou could also have a second mode where you can play a character that behaves according to the time he lives in, not interfering with the general timeline. Or you can play God and see what happens if you interfere with the course of history, changing events based on models to the best of our then-knowledge and fantasy.\n\nCall me delusional, but I am quite convinced that, as soon as this is possible, it will be a thing. \n\nSo I came here to ask how far we are away of this?\n\nI know life has been going on since millions of years, and to model all the creatures and their statistically possible interactions is quite something. Also, the whole earth, it's a f'ing big map. Also it changes over the course of time.\n\nI hope some can answer me this. Cheers."
la0mea,"Ideas for planets for my game, pls","I've been working on a space game recently and need ideas for my small planets (about double the size of the outer wilds planets), preferably crazy/wacky ideas : )"
la0ewt,"A Papers, Please style game only you have to check people's emails for suspicious content","I think it sounds fun, especially if there was some procedural generation thrown in there as well..."
l9zryt,"If you were a game designer, what would be your first designed game be like?",
l9znpt,What two games would be awesome if they're combined?,
l9v7ej,"Ideas for planets for my game, pls",[deleted]
l9ucba,A Detective Game where you play as an owl,"You play as an owl and get to fly around in the night, solving mysteries. A graphic novel detective/mystery rogue-like."
l9r95m,You play as a Receptionist from an Adventurer’s Guild,[deleted]
l9qvct,Groundhog Day in an Impossible Game,"Basically, you have an RPG that is pretty short in terms of total length; maybe about two hours long in terms of total, unbroken gameplay.\n\nHowever, the game is impossible. Or, at least, very, very difficult, Dark Souls-style.\n\nBUT, every time you die, you keep all the skills(but not items) that you accumulated in the previous runs!\n\nSo you'd start out and probably die a few times to the first normal enemy. Then you manage to kill them, only to immediately run into a boss, which kills you instantly. You kill the first normal enemy a few more times to level up, letting you get past the boss, to run into more normal enemies - that also kill you nearly instantly.\n\nThis pattern would just keep repeating as you grow stronger and stronger, and the enemies would start to react to your unexpected strength. At first they'll kill you without even commenting, then they'll start to say 'you're stronger than I expected', then all the way to 'What!? This cannot be!' and then, eventually, to running and screaming in terror.\n\nBy the time you get to the end, you're just god-moding through the levels, crushing enemies and bosses alike effortlessly.\n\nAnd then you get to the final boss - who disables your ability to savescum. You have to kill him for real, no backups, or redo the entire game."
l9qcsb,Idea for a character in a beat em up or the like:,"The character is based on Micheal jackson in the genesis adaptation of moonwalker. Dressed like the king of pop in the smooth criminal music video, (with various costumes like the thriller outfit, or  the outfit he had for the bad music video) attacking with magic kicks, hat throws, and the screen clear Is the dance attack, where he makes everyone, even the other players, his backup dancers. The dances include the same ones from genesis, but also new ones with other (royalty free imitations of) songs.\nHere's a good list of what I'd want to see:\nhttps://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLcuNACAf6JObZGrKCXLzfBfvwd9rfBfKB"
l9q2jl,A game like portal But its a survival horror game,"I love the portal games to death and I also love survival horror and I think a game where the evil ai guiding you through puzzles is more threatening and ominous and in a lot of survival horror games there are already puzzles but now they are the main mechanic you can get some weapons but unlike in other survival horror games you really only get 2 or 3 ""real"" weapons like pistol shotgun and a melee weapon of some sort the rest of the game you really have to think on how to get out of each situation it isn't just shooting everyone or get the red key to the red door it takes a little more brainpower.\n\nSTORY DRAFT: If you want to make this game you don't have to follow this but while I was writing this post this is the idea I got for the story you are selected as a part of the A.I.R (Artificial Intelligence Research facility) Where a Human voice tells you to go into a pod to be ""Transported"" to the A. I human puzzle initiative but when you get there the walls are all kind of messed up now (Because you learn the A.I Killed everyone)  and the robot voice A.R.E.S (Artificial intelligent Resonant Electronic System) who is like hal 9000 who at first seems friendly and almost human at times but then reveals his cold hard directives when he deems you a logical contradiction because he thought he killed everyone and now tries to kill you with lasers tiny smaller robots that are like the lasers but now can move, some robots with extended hands that try and grab you and kill you and finally just some robot grunts who have a gun but unlike portal turrets actually have to reload.\n\nI think it would be really cool to have the objectives to be to destroy each of A.R.E.S's server rooms before going into the final one his main logic center which has this big pillar in the middle of the room that is his servers then he has lasers that you have to redirect into him so he becomes stupid enough so you can regain manual controls of the doors!\n\nThanks for reading all that stuff how do you like my idea??"
linxm6,Fantasy Team Shooter,"A game like so many FPS team games lut there but with medievel weaponry swords and arrows and wizardy, clerics, and dragon riding.\n\nThink it would be fun1 Liek APex but with fantasy backdrop!"
linfxz,Mechanics for a prison fight game?,"I'm creating a top-down 1 versus 1 fighting game set in a kind of prison shower area, like Warzone's gulag. There's a lot of hard angles, you can't see over the walls, and you can place traps and temporary walls for the other player to fall in while looking for you. \n\nThe only problem is, the combat just feels bland, y'know? | just hit them until they die. What potential mechanics would fit with this theme? I've looked at a lot of fight videos, and there's a lot of pulling and shoving involved which could play well. Any ideas?"
liiuv2,I present to you - Everfall!,"Everfall is my new concept game, with the name representing its two different endings. As a team leader you have to stop an evil demon from wiping out the universe.  With a new bio-diverse land to explore, featuring the deepest of caves to the peaks of the highest mountains with incredible graphics and realistic physics. The game area is huge with different countries to explore.\n\nCan you stop the demon before it regains enough power? Time is ticking!"
liczs3,The Corruption Chaos Rains," \n\nI know this would be impossible without an entire company working on it but I just think it would be a cool idea.\n\n**Third Person Arena Team-based Fighting Game**\n\n**This is an idea I thought would be cool as a game to go with a book series I'm writing.**\n\nYou can choose between 94 characters and they each have unique stats when it comes to armor, health, energy, and stamina. Each character also has 8 abilities, and they range from Healing, Melee, Ranged, and throwables. Each character is given a side or species ranging from **Demons, Angels, Hybrids, Rebels,** and **Corrupted.** Each class is more effective towards certain species. Armor is a part of your overall hit points and it can't be fixed. Health is the smaller part of your overall hit points but it can be regenerated over time. Energy is a bar that is taken away from when you use and ability but it regenerates over time. Stamina is used when you run at full speed and it regenerates over time( Each character has a different max speed ranging from 20-90mph depending on what the character's strengths are).\n\nThe different type of fights would either be objective based and just killing your opponents. You can have **1v1s** up to **10v10s**. Each location is huge and multiple routes, but most are very open. In each location has buildings and parts of the ground that can be destroyed and parts of the destroyed areas can be thrown as an opponent. You can grab an opponent and choose to try landing a few combos on them but once you go for a punch your opponent can press the same button and block the attack, if you grab someone and land a few hits you can used an enhanced ability and then throw your opponent into something.\n\nThere is also a **Boss fight mode** where you can pick certain characters that become more powerful in the story and depending on the character you choose as a boss will change the amount of people that will fight you. As a boss you can summon minions to assist you and your abilities are always enhanced but it takes more energy to use. The boss fights can go up to 1v18.\n\nThere would be a **Survival mode** where you and 3 other players can choose any character and face waves of zombies, demons, angels, corrupted, lost minds, gods, hybrids, cyborgs, and universe overlords. You would be stuck in a small arena with these enemies breaking through buildings to get to you. It starts to amp it up once you face a new enemy and the enemies would be smart where they would use their strengths to fill that gap for others that don't do good in certain actions.\n\nThere is also a **Story mode** where you can choose a character for each species. You can change the character's stats to make them fit your playstyle but they all have their own strengths that you can't change (So someone might do more damage the faster they go but if you increase their health and get rid of their speed it won't be as effective). There are **5 different difficulties** that go from trying to just have a fun time all the way to absolutely unfair. If you choose the **Corrupted Campaign** you start almost maxed out but you can still edit their stats but its only available in **Corrupted Difficulty** which is the hardest difficulty. **Corrupted Difficulty** is locked unless if you beat the Corrupted Campaign. In each campaign you get a chance to interact with all **94 characters** and you can **befriend** them or **kill** them. Depending what you do will change their opinion towards you which can make it easier to choose who they are towards you. If you befriend them they will assist you during levels, if you are just allies they will give you new perks and abilities, if you become enemies and you kill them you get their weapon that you can have as a part of your character. Each weapon has special traits and have their own special attacks that do massive damage. Each campaign has **4 different endings** **Good, Neutral, Evil, Unrivaled Genocide.**\n\n**Demonic Evasion**, you and three other people have to make it from one end of **Troven City** and make it to the other. There are demons and zombies roaming the streets and you get a mini-map to tell you where the zombies are but not the demons and to make things harder there is a bunch of orange smoke spread across the city to make it harder to traverse, you have a sound meter that goes up the more sound you make and if you make to much noise you alert all the enemies in the area and you can try to run into a building to hide but some of the buildings have spots that can be destroyed by your enemies if you are caught you die. You can try also fix up some cars by finding some parts in the area to escape easier but the vehicle makes you automaticly hunted by every enemy in the area and if you didn't find any armor in the area and you hit something you need to find a replacement part for the part you broke.\n\n**Demonic Pursuit**, one person is driving in a car with three people that are trying to kill them following the vehicle, the three people play as any demon character and they have to total the car the chased is using to escape. The three demons can use powers to do damage to the car but it takes quite a few hits to take it out, the person that is being chased needs to either make it to the finish or they can outrun their pursuers.\n\nEven if this would be the hardest thing to make I think it would be cool if you would be able to explore the main cities and points of interest from all 14 planets that the game and books take place. (Keep in mind this is supposed to be 19 books long).\n\nTo be fitting with the game the soundtrack would consist of metal-step, heavy metal, rap, rap-metal or also known as Nu Metal. The books that go along with this game idea I got the ideas from the musical artist The Enigma TNG so a good amount of music would be from them if possible."
libn9h,Time To Survive,"I love survival games, and I'm also painfully aware that the market is *flooded* with them right now, and it's difficult to find new twists on the genre. If someone has implemented this idea before, please point me in the right direction. And if you like it, and feel like putting in the effort to bring it to fruition, please feel free to steal it (or if you want to collab, DM me).\n\nI want to make a survival game that incorporates two time travel-related mechanics. Here's a copy-paste of the relevant parts of my GDD:\n\n**Working Title**\n\nTime To Survive\n\n**Story/Synopsis**\n\nYou have become stuck in a time loop. Worse still, you are stranded, doomed to die over and over again in an unforgiving place. With the most basic of survival gear, you must survive long enough to figure out what is causing the time loop and how to stop it. Along the way you discover the ability to travel backward in time as far back as the start of the loop. Perhaps this new ability will be the key to finally escaping the loop? The only way to find out is to keep developing this ability, all the while trying to put off the inevitable reset as long as possible. If you don’t, it will cost you dearly, but at least you will have the foreknowledge to pull yourself up and get back on track faster than before.\n\n\n**Core Gameplay Mechanics (in order of appearance)**\n\n**Survival** - traditional survival mechanics with emphasis on keeping fed, building shelter, and protecting yourself from hostile elements (natural or otherwise)\n\n**Time Loop** - think *Groundhog Day* or *Majora’s Mask*. After a set period of time, everything resets, sending you back to square one with just your experience/recipes/abilities intact. Dying will also trigger a loop reset.\n\n**Backwards Time Travel (Retrocausality)** - limited ability to travel backwards in time which expands as player develops better equipment/abilities. Eventually they can travel as far back as the start of the loop. Unlike the time loop, players can bring materials back in time, so they can build up their base faster (before the loop resets). Going backwards in time requires energy, so to avoid the loop reset entirely, the player will need to have built up a fair bit of infrastructure.\n\n\n**Aesthetic**\n\nTime To Survive takes place in a futuristic sci-fi setting.\nIn general, the experience should have a ""lost on an alien planet"" vibe, but more ""Lost in Space"" than survival horror. This idea came about from playing a lot of *Stationeers,* so that should give you some idea of the kind of aesthetic I'm going for. An aesthetic like *Astroneers* would also work (although it is a bit more cartoony than I envision). The movie ""Interstellar"" is another good model for the aesthetic I'm going for. More *2001*, less *Star Trek*, but somewhere in the middle.\n\n\n**Influences:**\n\nGames: *Stationeers*, *Majora's Mask*, *Outer Wilds*\nMovies: *Groundhog Day*, *Edge of Tomorrow*\n\n\n**Project Description:**\nSurvival games are very popular, and the market is positively flooded with them, however there are few if any that explicitly include time travel as a gameplay element. In a sense, time travel is nothing new to survival games, or indeed to games in general, if you take a “meta” view and step outside the in-game worlds presented.\n\nWhenever you load a previous save to undo a costly mistake, or simply to witness your game in an earlier state (for nostalgia or whatever), you are effectively time travelling - you cannot take things from your later save, but you still have an advantage over your previous self in that you know the game better. And, if the game has predictable/scripted events, you also have some foreknowledge of what is to come that you can better prepare for.\n\nMany players of survival games enjoy the early stages of the games, where you are just trying to survive the first few nights and trying to gain a little bit of a foothold against whatever dangers the game will throw at you. Players who grow bored trying to find new things to do with an old and well-established setup, and miss those early days of standing up against great adversity, will happily start a new game from scratch, using their hard-won mastery of the game’s mechanics to start “smarter,” proving their improved survivability. This is effectively the same as a time loop, like in Groundhog Day, Edge of Tomorrow, etc.\n\nTime To Survive effectively “gamifies” these two common player practices, with the intent of increasing immersion by folding these activities into the game itself, and allowing the player to make use of unlocked abilities or materials from the late-stage game in the earlier stages. Doing so advances the player towards an explicit end-goal (escaping the time loop), something that is frequently absent in many survival games (for better or worse)."
lib15e,Any ideas for a fun probably addictive 2d game for a noob to make?,
li9wr8,College studio 2d top down tactical shooter,"I will be working on a a game development college project. It is to be a 2d top down military tactical shooter (aka not fast paced). Doing some UX, what would you like to see in such a game with all resources available and realistic features for a 3 person (game designer, producer and manager, artist, and game dev) with less than 7 months?\nReally appreciate if you could answer, thank you :)"
li9i8w,A zombie game where you and your dog try to escape the city,I've always thought how immersive it would be to have a story driven game with rpg elements would be like if the story was centered around you and your dog ( characters gender and facial structures are fully customizable. You can make the dog look like your dogs breed too ) script is similar with tlou and i am legend. Story is the focus but you can also free roam. Story starts with you meeting up with your friends on escaping through the city and you meet up with other civilians as well. Friends die here and there but one friend died due to a paranoid civilian killing him/her. Tons of emotional scenes specially where your dog sacrifices itself to save you from the hoard. Game ends up with you and the survivors escaping the city but at what cost. One of the boss fights is your mutated dog. There is no happy ending.
li7uae,A puzzle game where saving/loading/pausing only affects certain parts of it.,"So, for example, you could pause the game to suspend yourself in midair, or save and load to infinitely generate keys. Certain objects might have a little glow, to indicate that they aren't affected by the shenanigans.\n\nI'm thinking this would need to either be level-based with a lot of autosaves, or have ""real"" pausing and saving too, but the latter would probably make the in-game stuff feel awkward and unintuitive.\n\nThe main inspiration for this was Braid, a game where you could rewind time, but some objects weren't affected by it."
li6qym,An idea for game that i literally had in my dream,"So as i wrote in the title, tonight i had a dream about a game and i wanted to share this idea with someone,especially  because i usually don't have such vivid dream\nConcept:\n3 different soul share the same body, in particular a child, a old policeman and a woman (which is the original owner of the body). \nEach soul has his own objective, the child wants to find his parents, the policeman wants to go to the bottom of the situation and understand why they are sharing a body and finally the woman thinks she is going crazy and wants to find a psychiatrist.\n\ngameplay:\ni don't have a precise idea, i was thinking a something like heavy rain or until dawn, that type of game in which the main focus is the different choices that the mc make. \nA gimmick that i would like to see is the possibility to swap soul, and each soul has its own unique ability that could help in puzzle solving.\nObviously according to the choice you make you reach a different ending.\n\nlocation:\nin my dream the location was a partially collapsed skyscraper and main characters are stuck in it, and the only way to escape is going up.\n\np.s :to be clear english is not my native language, so if you find some grammar error pls forgive me, i really did my best\n\npps : i know that different soul sharing the same body it is not the most original idea, already used in other media and game but it is not like i can decide what i dream"
li3qr8,I'm a 2D Artist willing to make art for your game UNPAID, Hello. I'm a 2D artist that works in Photoshop. I can make concept art and high-resolution art for your game. Here's some of my stuff ([https://www.artstation.com/landonj8869](https://www.artstation.com/landonj8869)) and you can pitch your idea or explain your situation to me on discord. Landroid#4931
li1ppr,Data Gamification,I am working on my thesis and have hit a creative block. As the title says it's about gamifying data i.e letting players play with the actual data in some form of way. There have been previous works like using real city data in Monopoly etc. I am looking for new and interesting ideas. Please shoot all your ideas even if you think it's vague. Thank you !!!!!
lhzcmz,A game based in the Atlantic ocean as a destroyer escorting convoys from America to Britain during WW2," Concept of the game\n\nso the basics of the game is that you have a destroyer that is in formation with a convoy headed to Britain. the main objective is to keep as many freighters, oilers and liners afloat until you reach aircover from across the pond from German U-boats and surface ships.\n\nthe core gameplay will be multi crewed destroyers of about 6-10 people all manning important post such as guns, engines, sonar/radar, steering, spotting, depth charges etc.\n\nthe ships used can be similar to the Fletcher class destroyer (USA) and tribal class destroyer (Royal Navy)\n\nplayers will have to work together to listen out for German U-Boats with sonar and give directions to the one steering the Destroyer to drop depth charges to ether sink or force the U-boat to surface. this will also be similar to German surface ships but with radar instead.\n\nsize of the game\n\nthe game size would be semi large if it where to go into massive detail but the size of the map would be large but would just be sea but convoys went mostly at 6-8 knots while crossing the Atlantic to conserve fuel \n\nso to simplify and finalise the idea \n\nits basically Greyhound the film turned into a game without tom hanks\n\nbut the game would be a \n\nOpen world\n\nAnti submarine warfare\n\nWorld War Two\n\nTeam Based\n\nPvE  (Optional PvP)\n\ncould be classified as a simulator if detail and historically accurate were the main selling points\n\nnice graphics if possible\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nfeed back on the idea would be nice I know there are a lot of U-boat games like U-BOAT, Wolfpack, Iron wolf VR and others but I don't know one where you're the destroyer defending the convoys from them"
lhysl2,50 Player Competitive Rogue-lite/Hades-style Game,"Just had an idea I wanted to expand a bit on (one of many, just never thought to look up a subreddit like this). So, I have been enjoying the hell out of rogue-lite games recently, and steam-charts indicate I'm not alone on this one.\n\nMy thought would be to capitalize on this cultural moment by making a massive multiplayer, competitive ladder match.\n\nHere is my game flow concept:\n\nRound 1 will include 3 standard PvE stages followed by a PvP fight between two players. Potentially have a store stage prior to entering the first PvP arena stage.\n\nDown to 25 players. Those who are out can use what XP they gained to spend on passives or cosmetic upgrades.\n\nRound 2 will include five PvE stages followed by a boss fight. For the third stage in this round I would consider placing either a shop stage or a mini-boss stage.\n\nAfter the boss has been defeated, the surviving players will move into the final round.\n\nRound 3 should be comprised of either three challenge stages (timed chest fights, timed health restoration fights, mini-boss rush) or 1v1 PvP arenas. \n\nThe final stage should be a free-for-all battle between the remaining players. If this was a side-scrolling rogue-lite, perhaps this could be done as a race to the top of a platforming puzzle while fighting off other players. Maybe even an ending SSB-inspired fight.\n\nDefinitely interested in hearing if this is something anyone else would be interested in, either playing or making!"
lhvt0n,The spotlight,You need to walk across a path but only in the spotlights because of you don't then you die. You could even make the spotlights move in a different pattern
lhu652,Godzilla game,"So anyways I just found this subreddit because I had an idea for a Godzilla game but didn’t know where to write it but I found this subreddit thankfully and wanted to see if anyone would actually be interested in my idea.I know there has been other Godzilla games and i don’t have any intention to turn this idea into the generator simulator godzillla game.It would be open world somehow and have it’s own original story and would switch off between gameplay of a scientist,Godzilla,and a solider.you’d be able to choose whether you want be the protector Godzilla or a rampaging Godzilla.obviously the idea needs work but it’s a start!"
lht5eq,Why I don't post game ideas anymore,"Now that I'm a game programmer, I keep all my game ideas in a private Discord channel. Before, my ideas and ability were too distant, so there were games I would have liked to see come to fruition, but couldn't make it happen.\n\nI have executed on 2 of my own game ideas so far, and since I'm gaining the ability to make these games happen, its unwise to make them publicly accessible. They are intellectual property, and I have to keep the good ideas to myself now. :p\n\nSorry /r/gameideas. My ideas are becoming reality."
lhpldl,A Cross between City Shrouded in Shadow and Shadow of the Colossus,"Your character is in a city. You must survive, because Kaiju are attacking the city. Sounds familiar, right? Yep. City Shrouded in Shadow was an awesome looking survival horror game featuring popular kaiju that released in Japan in 2017.\n\nWhat if we take the premise of CSiS, but we make it that the player can find weapons all around the city... weapons capable of damaging the kaiju?\n\nCity Shrouded in Shadow, but you can go all Shadow of the Colossus on the kaiju. Please tell me I'm not the only one who thinks that would be awesome."
lhn84x,DEVIANT,"Right so I've been at this for a few days now, and the game idea I have is pretty massive. The game so far will be called DEVIANT set in a dystopian future of the year 2110 you can play as either Luke Jones or Megan Stride.\nThe location of Deviant is a place called Magnum City with locations of Klara Town, Silva Wood, OHM District and LU-POD. \nThe game type is a RPG, Free roam. Story line is a horror comedy. \nWeapons can evolve and you can choose what special ability to use with that particular weapon, the more you level up the weapon it will allow you to unlock room for more attachments and special ability to use with that gun  for example the PIX-t4k you'll start of using as an smg that'll turn to an assault weapon the more you use it. It has the ability to charge up and turn to rapid fire for a short period of time before overheat.\nBut I think in my head this could be big if it did come to it."
lhlr19,Mixing Cyperpunks Backstories with Fallouts Factions,So in CP there are three different introductions and in Fallout games there are often different endings based on the Faction you joined.  \n\n\nHow about combining those two. Meaning in Fallout 4 you could actually start the game already being part of the Brotherhood of steele for example and then play the whole game being part of the faction OR you can alternatively change faction during the story.
lhk5vw,Monster Builder/Fighter,"General idea would be a sort of Armored Core or Spore type game. You build a monster, the parts you use have different effects/abilities/stats. Additional thoughts: terrain and objects should be able to be interacted with like thrown cars/buildings or silly stuff like drinking nuclear reactor juice for a power up. \n\nBuild your monster, fight your friend's monster while jamming some badass thrash metal!"
lhfp8o,What’s the craziest game idea you’ve had?,"I know this is supposed to be backwards, but I haven’t seen much ideas posted as much lately and wanted to create a question to get it started up again. \n\nThere are no rules, but I would suggest that you pick it up randomly and quickly then develop from that instead of picking mechanics from different games.\n- These games definitely don’t have to be successful either."
lheo2u,Anime MOAB?,"So I was thinking, the idea of jump force is sooo great but what if a game similar to that of Smite came around , but instead of gods and goddesses , they provided us with a roster similar to jump forces w more abilities  and content etc."
lhc262,King Arthur story with god of war combat and open world,
lhbsyd,Lords of gods," \n\na game to send people to the afterlife, and resurrect souls from Parifarel (a new pugatory) \n\nso you can kill everyone on the map \n\npray to travel amongst the 5 realms Earth, Megarsh, Exctocie, Garto and Parifarel \n\na storyline how the afterlife works \n\nmasks to hide amongst numbers \n\nmasks to hide from certain enemies and  \n\nand mask to hide from friendlies (to get past certain guards) \n\n(to travel and get around while you are weak) \n\nRings of power to level up just one type of ring (lots of rings) \n\npillars for safe pray, (to travel amongst the realms) \n\nChange leaders, or obstruction \n\nAnd revert them back using parifarel \n\nCollect souls in Parifarel to view your collection \n\nGods and demonic’s to give ability's/powers away \n\nKill the givers of powers to gain more ability ups \n\nABILITYS and items \n\nHorn of awakening \n\nThis horn will awaken monsters and the demon from there hiding spots \n\nSearch the afterlife's or earth and hear a sound of sleeping and use this horn to summon monsters and the demon  \n\n(its 2nd ability sonic frequency shock wave) hurts all players in radios \n\nthe Killoffi \n\nThis trinket gives you the power to reverse time \n\nworks for a short period of time and has a cool down of 5 minutes \n\n(also gives you the ability to move quicker a dash that will help you travel) \n\nYou can also perform a dash strike \n\n(dash that has a short cool down) \n\n(2nd speed up time and watch yourself fight at an expert level for 30’s) cool down of 5 minutes \n\nthe AI will be able to use all ability/powers that you own \n\nand your ability's will  revert back to were up to \n\nThe Mindilrer \n\nYou now possess the power to inhibit other people of the realms \n\nYou can use this ability to fool others to think you are one of their own kind \n\nyou will also see what is true and not just what they tell you (maybe) \n\n(2nd the ability to fight as a person you have inhibited until there death. then respawn as origional charctor) \n\nMasgra \n\nThe ability to move large objects from a far \n\n(its 2nd ability is to move even larger objects) \n\nGround quake \n\ngiving you the ability to make the ground quake to knock down all enemies in the vicinity  \n\n(its 2nd ability aftershock wave/s) \n\nThe Jewla  \n\nUse this ability to gain a clone of yourself to fight with you for a short period of time \n\n2nd take all near by enimies to another dimention, and one hit kills for 20’s \n\n(Then all enimes not killed will return back to original point of entre the same for you) cool down of 8 mins \n\n(If a boss fight it will increase the hit pontentual on enimie) \n\ncollective energy \n\nthe ability to make an object out of thin air (bolder) \n\nand you also can plan a powerful sword attack in a drawn-out line of your choosing (large) \n\nAnd a spell that can inflict weak, on all near by apponatns for 2 mins (5 min cool down) \n\nAnd can cast a shield that stops 5 hits \n\nHilep the trinket finder \n\nturn on this scanner and it will show wat is close by of interest on your mini map (2nd longer range scanner??? \n\n2nd a boost of power, for 1 minute 4 min cool down \n\nThe Bracelet of invisibility \n\nUse this bracelet for short periods of time to get yourself out of sticky situations  \n\nIt will also give the ability to pass through people and some objects \n\nYou can use this braclet to pass through these gates (metal gates) (2nd pass through golden gates) \n\nThe wired \n\nYou can use ability to turn enemies against each other \n\n(This power will work on all close by enemies) 2nd induced rage and makes enemies stronger lasting longer) \n\nThe Conch of transportability/??/ (given by Nrama) early in game \n\nsouls get sucked into conch for transporting life's to and from the afterlife  \n\nyou can also release a soul/s any time you please \n\nAnd carry friendly warriors to fight with you only works on weak or dazed characters \n\nWith a mask of an enemy you can also get them to fight with you \n\n(Ground quake and second shock wave for higher level characters (some characters can be dazed) \n\n(just a msg with the bosses that the conch is useless against them) \n\n(2nd to capture people without being dazed to fight on your side) \n\n\*\*\*\*\*\*\* more \n\nPower levels above head on all character's heads \n\nEnemies will be known for the small skull on power level indicator \n\nwhen a of bunch of enemies (to many) run over to you will see some of them disappear and the level of other enemies will increase power rating above head"
lhb6dx,A point and click Mortal Kombat horror game,"Simply put, this game would be a point and click adventure in which you would try to escape from various Mortal Kombat fighters in various stages. Many of these stages would often be dimly lit/ very tight thus rendering you incapable of seeing whether your pursuer is in front of you. You would also have little to no options to fight back thus forcing you to either run or hide.\n\nI understand this sounds more or less absurd but try to imagine the intensity/fear of running away from Goro in a dark dungeon. Along with sluggish point and click controls making every click count.\n\nSorry for the sloppy writing I kind of just threw this together."
lh93jb,"Open world RPG, but the world is destroyed in 3 hours.","Whenever I play an open world RPG like fallout, skyrim or outer worlds, I always want to do every single mission but this ends up ruining my character b/c he ends up doing stuff against his character. Like I'll make a heroic guy who fights for good, but then I'll just help out a drug smuggler because idk why really, I just want to see what happens.  \n  \nLimiting the game to just 3 hours constrains your time so you have to ignore a lot of quests and I think I'd end up making a more cohesive storyline with my character. Then, you get to replay with an evil character or a greedy character, or whatever you want to do next.  \n  \nThere'd probably be less leveling and it would probably need some randomization or big choices at the start so you're not replaying the same missions a lot.  \n  \nMaybe fast-travelling/resting could also waste your time so those actions aren't free.  \n  \nMaybe, if you have to, throw in some world persistence between playthroughs. Maybe there's a time manipulation thing, so certain actions with one character persist to the next playthrough.  \n  \nIt's kinda like a cross between a rogue-like and an open world game.  \n  \nNo theme ideas yet, was imagining skyrim or fallout or outer worlds.  \n  \nAlso open to game suggestions if there's anything like this. I was thinking it'd be kinda like majora's mask but you can't reset the day (and gameplay around that is removed)."
lh8tec,Ideas Using GPT-3?,"Hey all!\n\nI'm doing the one-game-a-month challenge this year and I'm using game jams to get my monthly game done fast! Last month, I made a game in 48 hours during a game jam where the theme was ""Unexpected Consequences"".\n\nFor February's game, I'll be participating in the Brackeys Jam and I thought it would be neat for me to somehow integrate GPT-3 technology into the game regardless of what the theme ends up being.\n\nSo I come to you, r/gameideas, to help me think of all the different ways I could implement GPT-3 and build up a small pool of ideas for me to pull from once I find out what the theme is!\n\nIf you're curious about the game I made last month, I posted a devlog video about it, which you can watch right here: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOxiuZ5ea6k](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOxiuZ5ea6k)\n\nAnd you can play January's game here for free: [https://andrewdavidj.itch.io/calamixty](https://andrewdavidj.itch.io/calamixty)\n\nOnce the jam starts, I'll be live-streaming the entire thing like I did in January, so if you've contributed ideas, feel free to join my Twitch stream or Discord to see how I implement them!\n\nThanks!"
lh85rz,"I would die for a good mobile game where you play someone's pet, and you get points/experience based on how much food you can grab off of the table or grab someone's towel and see how long you can keep it from them.",
lh6yki,Corona is EVERYWHERE!!!,"You play as a introverted germophobe who is finally going grocery shopping. Your going to a big store with tons of people. People who all have the Corona!! What if they touch you! What if they breathe on you! What if you accidently cause a scene!! You must avoid human interaction at all cost!\n\nYour character thinks that everyone has Corona and they must be avoided at all cost. Whenever you get close to some one a red mist starts creeping in on the edges of your screen. Your fear meter builds when ever the red mist is on your screen, it builds up faster the more mist is on your screen.\n\nSpecial enemies:\nKaren, the friend group, and the big family \nThey all cause you to gain mist extremely fast. The Friends and Family have a bigger radius of corona. Karens will have a big range of corona and increase your fear bar.\n\nTo reduce mist hold your breath when your going past people. An Oxygen bar will be on the screen showing how much oxygen you have, run out of oxygen and you lose. To remove fear from the fear bar go into an empty aisle, spray your disinfecting spray around you and start hyperventilating.\n\n\nIf your fear bar is at max you start hyperventilating and the mist completely fills your screen, making it harder to see. Your only chance to recover is to find an empty aisle and spray yourself. While in your delirium you use a random amount of disinfecting spray, it could be half the bottle, just 5 spray, or almost the whole bottle\n\nYour goal is to get all the items from your grocery list\n\nThe hardest part is checkout for obvious reasons. The map is randomly chosen from Targot, Whalemart, and Major. They all have different layouts and some have more dangers than others\n\nSorry for the random layout of ideas, just a little thought I got at the store"
lh6i2t,RPG Mechanic - World changes based on player actions / inaction,"I know some newer MMO's are attempting this type of mechanic, such as Ashes of Creation, and i just wanted to open up a dialogue around how player action might be able to make meaningful and dynamic changes to a world. For this scenario, picture the game is a classic sword and sorcery RPG based around party-based combat / exploration.\n\nLet's say there's a high-level quest to slay a dragon on a mountain. Until the dragon is slain, it might periodically raid and raze nearby villages, causing people to adandon the village and the jobs that village provides. That then knocks on the economy of the nation, who start seeing an increase in food or resource prices. That price increase effects every player, because no one has yet killed the dragon. \n\nAnother example might be a city is becoming prosperous due to players choosing to sell their wares there. Traders start arriving at the city to try and purchase these wares. Bandits start attacking the traders on the roads out of the city. The players now have a bandit problem to deal with.\n\nThe question I'm throwing to the community here is if this type of dynamic questing mechanic would be a positive; offering replayability and continued interest; or a chore; distracting people from what they actually want to do? I feel that consequences of inaction are something that could be done really well in games with a persistent world / universe. While in reality it may be no different than a ""weekly raid"", I feel the final product could make a world feel more alive. \n\nKeen to hear what others think, and some other examples of how such a mechanic could be applied."
lh5cw6,A civilization game where the skill tree is random,"I really like Sid Meier's Civilization games, but I don't like how the static skill tree dictates unit/economic progression. With a decent knowledge of history, a player can guess that mathematics is going to lead to artillery at some point. I am proposing a game where the social and military advancements are known, but the research path to arrive at them has been randomized at game start, thus forcing players to explore various dead end paths before unlocking advancements. \n\nFor example there could be three research trees Social, Economic, Military, and four research disciplines Nature, Literature,  Astronomy, Math. As ruler you can tell your Social college to study Literature, your Economic college to Study Nature, and your Military college to study Astronomy. Several turns later your Social college says there are no further advancements it can make in Literature and they are going to start looking into Math. Your economic college on the other hand some how figured out the production line by studying Nature and your military college was inspired to invent the machine gun by studying Astronomy.\n\nYou can send spies to enemy civilizations further along the tech tree than you and steal their discoveries or steal the correct path to those discoveries. For example your civilization could be significantly behind in economics but you send a spy to a neighbor that is further ahead and find the research path for the next two advancements are Nature and Math thus saving you from having to guess Nature and Math from the 3 other choices.\n\nAlso the effects of some advancements could be randomized to change the optimal strategy per session. One session unlocking agriculture could result in a +3 economic boost and unlocking archery gives a +1 military boost, and another game could have agriculture+1 and archery +3, thus changing the ease of an economic vs military victory at each session."
lh1kh1,Unique movement+combat mechanic,Does any of you have any idea on some unique interesting game mechanic that serves to both movement and combat? (3d 1st person)\n\nThank you
lh1e32,A horror survival game about split personalities,"Usually I don't give into horror games, but I had a dream about this game. So you somehow end up in a mansion, and someone is hunting you down for an unknown reason. You have to try to survive and escape this mansion. The killer has a spilt personality though. One second he's helping you by dropping items you need or something, other times he's trying to kill you, and other time's he just acts strange. The dialogue and the character is what would matter in this game. Let's say you're hiding in a closet and he walks by, he'd be talking out loud and saying things in a friendly manner like ""I have a gift for you! Where are you? Do you not want to be my friend anymore"" then suddenly it would change to ""WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU. WHEN I FIND YOU I'm GOING TO SLIT YOUR THROAT"" then ""Why would you say that? You're going to scare him off. We just want to help him"". I think it would be a pretty interesting idea IMO."
lgyh5e,City Shrouded In Shadow inspired Lovecraft game,
lgu1by,"A MMORPG where players create the races, lore, countries and conflicts","My idea is for an MMORPG where all the peoples, races, cities, countries, and how they behave and their goals in the world, is all created by players.\n\nI'd like building to be similar to minecraft except that blocks can be placed freely.\n\nTo prevent everyone from creating their own race, which would make the world messy, players are encouraged to organize in groups of many players and create a race togheter. Artists in the group can design their appearance, clothes and architecture style, writers can make their lore, roleplayers can be their spokespersons when talking with other races, etc.\n\nRoleplaying when the races interact is encouraged, as is following a temperament for the group to create a reputation in the world, like being kind and trustworthy, evil and dangerous, funny, animal-like...\n\nPeople working on the game can also created content, like missions, encourage players to create with rewards. These workers could roleplay in the game as ""gods"", and ""praying"" might make you get in touch with them if you need help, chances increasing if you've gained points for goodness and pray to a good god, or gained points of evil and pray to an evil god.\n\nThey can roleplay as both evil and good gods. If the world seems to be lacking any interesting conflicts, an evil god might encourage a country to become evil, promising rewards which will give them a very fun time to be evil. Or another god might reward moral players who for example sacrifice their characters life and loosing some progress to save anothers. Or if one country have become too powerful and is dominating much of the world and preventing others to create, the gods can keep the balance by giving special abilities to a country that promises to defeat them.\n\nHow does the game start?\n\nI'd like for the world to be in the beginning just untouched nature, full of dangerous or friendly creatures, fantastical and varied landscapes, myserious secrets.\n\nAt first the players in the world are few in numbers. They decide where they want to spawn and then struggles to create a stronghold to survive. As they have children more players can join, so your characters fundamental appearance is made by your ""parents"". A bit of their abilities and points for good or evil are also inherited. So a player well-off in the game from the start might have genuine feelings of gratitude towards their ""parents"" in the game.\n\nSurvival knowledge, alchemy, magic spells etc are hard-earned knowledge and passed on from one generation to the next. Eventually more players from the group can join in and they can build their land, if they want, or just explore.\n\nThe ""gods"" might also appear early on to speed up the creativity."
lgtfkv,RTS Game like Battle Brothers,An RTS take on the turn-based game battle brothers [https://store.steampowered.com/app/365360/Battle\_Brothers/](https://store.steampowered.com/app/365360/Battle_Brothers/)\n\nTake on the same style of a procedurally generated campaign and squad management except battles would be Realtime. Combat could be something similar akin to men of war perhaps.
lgtfb6,My idea on how to make a 2D level longer without making it overstay its welcome,So there are hollow blue blocks and solid red blocks when jou enter the the level after jou defeat the boss or collect a item in the end(and so on) the blue blocks become solid to block off parts of the old path(to keep players from getting lost) and the red blocks become hollow to open up a new path back as the player now has to race back against a clock to the start on a new path that occasionally crosses with the old one (what do jou guys think of my idea) this game was implemented in a very good game from a few years back called WARIO LAND:SHAKE IT
lgt2za,Any small game ideas from games you played with friends in lower school that would make a fun quick multiplayer game?,"Just like how Mafia is to Among us. I'd always thought it would have made a fun game, but only thought of making it a month before Among us got popular lmao."
lgs3o8,A pretty big idea that I have been working on for a while.,"An MMORPG (Not so unique, I know).  \n\n\nKey features:  \n\- Multiplayer  \n\- Huge world  \n\- Unique crafting system  \n\- Skill system  \n\- Legendary weapons (Only 1 of each)  \n\- Legendary skills (Given to people by staff members, very rare)  \n\- The ability to do almost anything  \n\- Build system (Only for staff members in multiplayer, for everyone in singleplayer)\n\n  \n\--==Huge world==--  \nA world with a kingdom in each corner of the map.  \nIt takes 24 hours to travel from one corner to the other on foot, because of this the world is split into 4 servers.   \nThese kingdoms will be run by actual players.   \nStaff members will be advisors to the king/council/whatever the player uses, so that players won't go overboard and destroy everything.  \n\n\nBecause the world is being ruled by actual players, a lot can happen (Wars, political assassinations, etc.)  \nThis ensures real reactions to certain situations, unlike staff members that might script these events.  \n\n\nThe staff members/advisors will be known as the 4 archmages. They possess great power and unique skills.  \n\n\n\--==Unique crafting system==--  \nAnyone can upgrade their weapons.  \nThey do this by going to an anvil, popping in their weapon, and picking an upgrade.  \nThese upgrades can include things like:  \n\+ 1 blade  \n\+ longer handle  \n\+ longer blade  \n\n\nPeople with the blacksmith skill can make weapons exactly how they want. They can also use the system above, but they can also decide where they want the blade or handle, what shape the blade/handle is and how long they are.  \nThey get to customize every single bit of the weapon  \n\n\n\--==Skill/Class/Stat System==--  \nYou can equip 2 offensive classes, 1 defensive class, and 1 utility class at a time.  \nYou unlock classes by upgrading skills. Once a stat is high enough, it can be turned into a class when combined with another class.  \nFor example:  \n25 Dexterity + Fighter Class = Sworddancer (Double-bladed sword)  \n15 Dexterity + 20 Mana + Mage Class = Magic Monk (Uses melee spells on their fists)  \n\n\nOf course, the classes, skills, and stats are up to what you think fits best with your idea.  \n\n\nSkills are features you can unlock like:  \n\- Potion Brewing  \n\- Creating Jewelry  \n\- Herb Enhance (Upgrade herbs to make better potions)  \n\n\n\--==Legendary Weapons==--  \nLegendary weapons are unlocked by completing events, rare quests, or helping a kingdom.  \nThey are extremely powerful and there will only be 1 of every legendary weapon.  \nSome roleplay bloodlines might keep a legendary weapon.  \n\n\n\--==Legendary Skills==--  \nJust like legendary weapons, they can be unlocked by completing events, rare quests, or helping a kingdom.  \nLegendary skills can be unlocked by multiple people, they're just rare to unlock.  \nLegendary skills can be:  \n\- Dual-wield  \n\- Plant Generation (Ability to generate herbs or other plants)  \n\n\n\--==The Ability to do almost anything/Build System==--  \nPlayers can start shops, farms, and even entire towns.  \nThis can all be achieved by sending an appeal to staff members.  \n\n\nPlayers can build their own houses in a program inside the game. Once approved by the staff member, it will be placed where the player wants it.  \nThis allows the creation of almost any building you want.  \nCertain build pieces will be unlocked by unlocking skills.  \n\n\nThat was my TEDTalk that was way too long, thank you for listening.  \n\n\ntl;dr: An MMORPG where anything is possible"
lgrl9a,Mobile FPS game,"This is not an idea for a specific game. Rather, an idea on how we can improve a niche genre.\n\nYou see, I played some mobile FPS, including NOVA from Gameloft (I was huge fan of Gameloft in the Java games, so I was really disheartened to be so disappointed) and mobile Doom ports. However, they all suck, because controls are totally unadjusted to a mobile setting. Both Delta Touch and Freedoom have a separate fire button in top of the screen, which requires me to put my fingers into a claw. While Nova, and other games like it, fires automatically when you target the enemy (a huge improvement), they still use virtual sticks for controls - and not only FPS on gamepad is already suboptimal, virtual sticks feel much worse than real sticks because of lack of haptic feedback (you can't feel them).\n\nSo here's my idea:\n\n* On the right side of the screen, covering most of the bottom of it, we have a horizontal slider that is used for horizontal aiming. This slider represents all 360 degrees of possible rotation. Edges are looking directly south, middle (marked with an ""N"" above it) represents facing directly north. Player can rotate smoothly by tapping and dragging the slider nub, or tap directly any place on the slider to quickly/instantly 'snap' the rotation angle of player view to it. This way, rotating can feel potentially as good and responsive as using the mouse. The slider can also be used to display other information, for example a red ""X"" that will show which direction you're getting attack by, or a green circle that shows angle to the next objective compared to you.\n* On the very left edge, we have an empty area. If player taps anywhere on it, a centered virtual joystick will appear under their finger. Player can then move their finger while holding to start walking. Moving it further from center will start running instead.\n* The game fires automatically on enemies in the middle of the screen, in the rectangular area equal to width of the crosshair, and entire height of the screen. T**he game would play like Doom, meaning there is no looking up - you just rotate left and right.** Instead, there is vertical autoaim, where as long as enemy is in the middle slice of the screen, the autoaim will target them even if they're above or below the crosshair. It's the same autoaim area like in original Doom, if you played that.\n* The distance at which the automatic firing starts varies depending on weapon, where each has an associated variable of range. So for example a shotgun has low range, while a sniper rifle has very long range. If you want to use this system in a mobile Doom port, then just associate hardcoded range values to all default weapons,  and for new weapons that are added in mods, use a generic default value.\n* Similarly, if the game features contextual melee (like the knife button from CoD or Mighty Foot from Duke Nukem) the game will automatically perform a melee attack when you get close to an enemy, and keep melee attacking until enemy is dead.\n* On top of the screen, we have other buttons. Jump forward (so player doesn't have to hold the direction while jumping), switch weapon, reload, action, grenade, ADS toggle. This is because player will use these actions less often, so they can take their fingers off the controls temporarily when doing that.\n\nAnd that's it, that's the idea. I think using something like that could drastically improve player experience of mobile FPS, as long as they're designed to use that optimally. And I think it'd be a perfect fit for a mobile Doom port.\n\nOh, and if you want to use this system in your game, it'd be nice to credit me. But you don't have to, since subreddit rules define that all ideas are 'free range'."
lgqtjn,I swear I have the best game Idea!,"Ok, so in season five episode 36 of adventure time, there is this infinity train dungeon. It's my favorite episode of all time, I feel that if there was a VR game that had the theme of that game and it was combat like Gorn with procedurally generated loot that has a cool effect; the battle moon, flame helmet, or stone cage helmet with an eyeball Lazer bat ect, that gets harder as time goes on and never ends, kinda like a roguelike. that would be like crack to me!"
lga3ub,"Story-driven horror game - ""The Program""","First I'd like to say I'm sorry for my English. Its not my first language. \n\nPlot: You, as a player, visit your grandma. She has Alzheimers disease. She already forgot almost everything but keeps remembering her favorite TV program from the 1940s. It's this classic family-like program about a small town in America. She tells you all about it. But then, as you leaving her home and riding through the country you see a small diner. You stop there to get some food and drink, but suddenly a man dressed in a fancy suit and a hat approaches you. He tells you he has some car trouble and asks if you could help him. You agree to come along and try to fix his car. He's delighted so he invites you to go this town and offers you a big reward. Thinking he's friendly and you don't really have that much money, you agree to get into his car. As he starts driving you notice he's driving you to an absolute nowhere. Soon there aren't any buildings, not even trees, just a long road. And then you are starting to see in ""black/white"". At first you think its something wrong with your eyes and you tell him you need to see a doctor. But he just keeps driving, silently, staring and sitting like a robot. Soon you are coming to that town and ass soon as you see it. You feel disturbed. Because it looks exactly like the town from your grandma's tales. The rest of game delves into a storyline of you coming to town, getting to know the people. But then there's a hatch. The town in starting to feel disturbed and people even dissapear. You take the role of an investigator and figure out what is happening. Some people even start to ""hunt"" you because they think it's all your fault since everything started to go to hell ever since you appeared. \n\nI took inspiration for this mainly from ""WandaVision"" since i started watching that and listening to Everywhere At The End of Time by The Caretaker."
lg7w45,'Nothing: The Game',"Simply a game menu, where if you press 'start' you can actually walk around, revealing the game menu is just painted on a wall in a big empty warehouse.\n\nThere's nothing to do.\n\nThere's only footsteps.\n\nThe only exit will close the game window. \n\nThere's nothing to it. It's nothing: the game.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n*(Selling for just $64.99 at your local retailer!)*"
lg6eu7,Hypercasual Ideas - As Many As Possible :),"Hey there everyone,\n\nI've been working as a game designer for more than 8 years now, and I have worked on a number of different genres. I've mostly worked on Hidden Object and Point and Click adventures, but I have also developed a number of more challenging projects like turn-based RPGs and Sim games.\n\nFor the last couple of years, I've been working on hypercasual games for the mobile market. Unfortunately, I don't have much to share, but I have a lot of ideas that didn't end up developed. For some of these ideas, we simply didn't have enough time or resources, and some simply weren't good enough. Some were considered by the biggest hypercasual publishers as great ideas, but our prototypes didn't do them justice, and they failed as potential hit games.\n\nI've been digging through this subreddit and I haven't found any posts similar to this one, so I wanted to start a thread where people would share their ideas for hypercasual games. Who knows, maybe some of the people browsing through this subreddit will get inspired, and maybe some will be able to develop other people's ideas as successful games.\n\nIf you have an idea, or you'd like to hear some of my ideas - feel free to comment and leave a response, you may even contact me via DM if that's more of your style.\n\nI'll be posting some of my ideas in comments and replies soon, so if you're interested - make sure you follow this subreddit.\n\nIf there's a similar post that I've somehow missed, please direct me to it, and I'll delete this one.\n\nCheers."
lg462m,A Persona-Inspired Third Person Shooter,"(I just lost a lot of what I wrote so I'm gonna speed through this)\n\nIn this game there are no guns\nInstead you use elemental skills.\nAll of the elements can be found here:  https://megamitensei.fandom.com/wiki/List_of_Persona_5_Skills\n(I would recommend not using the ""gun skills"" or ""almighty"" skills)\n\nEach element has 3 tiers, a Light, a medium, and a heavy.\n\nA light elemental skill does the least damage, while a heavy elemental skill does the most. Each character should have a weakness to one element, with a resistance to another. Usually their resistance is to the elemental skills they use.\n\nIf a character uses ice skills, they're usually resistant to ice. But you don't have to always follow this. Different resistances and weaknesses would make the game more diverse, so have fun with it.\n\nEach element is more like an AOE ability rather than a different kind of bullet. An electric skill could be like a thundercloud or something. And the heavy version could be a bigger thundercloud that's faster.\n\n If you can't figure out an idea for an element, then maybe watch some gameplay and you could find one. Be creative!\n\nThere are also physical skills, which for the sake of balance will not do crits. Instead of that, they can be treated as an extra element. Some characters can be resistant and others can be weak to it. But If a character is weak to physical attacks, then they should be allowed 2 resistances instead of 1 for balance, because every character should have a basic melee attack that would weaken them.\n\nFinally, we come to the last type of skill. Buffs and Debuffs. I have almost no idea how these will work. Maybe it'll be another sort of AOE and if your opponent gets caught in it they get debuffed but for the moment it's up to you, the cool gamer coder man.\n\nA Buff can do 3 things: Increase Attack (Physical skills and Elemental skills) Increase Defense (Take less damage), and Increase speed (Because a hit/evasion system would be too much extra work)\n\nThe names being\nTarukaja Rakukaja and Sukukaja respectively. Oh, and if you want, you could add Heat Riser, a skill that raises all 3 at the same time but costs more SP.\n\nOh dang, what a good segway into the HP and SP system, I'm so good.\n\nAnyways HP and SP. For every skill there is a cost. For all elemental skills, they cost SP, and only SP.\n\nFor all Physical skills, which can vary from skills like ""Kill rush"" to others like ""God's hand"", They cost HP.\n\nIf you ever want to find out the cost of a skill you want to add, just check here: https://megamitensei.fandom.com/wiki/List_of_Persona_5_Skills\n\nOn that website they have all the skills from Persona 5, which has all the elements I mentioned. If there are any skills you want to add from there, feel free to. There are a few elements I haven't mentioned for reasons, usually because it'd be too powerful, but feel free to experiment and do whatever. It's your game, so have fun with it.\n\nFinally, probably one of the hardest things to ask would be the ability for players to make custom characters. I know it is hard. I would never even try it. But having the ability to create your own character is awesome. You don't have to make an extensive character creator, but just the ability to choose your own skills and resistances and weaknesses would be really fun. \n\nOh, and I'm not sure exactly what hitting a weakness would do. Usually in the games it would set up for an all out attack by knocking them down, but I'm not sure if that would work here. Feel free to come up with something new.\n\nAnd I guess that's it. The rest is up to you and your imagination. If you do ever make this a real game, it would be nice if you could credit me, but you don't have to. I would like to be able to playtest tho.\n\nAnyways, for anyone who stopped by to hear this, uh....\n\nHave a nice day!"
lg3jam,"A RPG called ""Daily Quest""","Basically, it's a top-down RPG similar to LoZ, where you play through a short adventure that takes a couple hours to complete every day, then you're locked out of the game for the rest of the day."
lfxswd,Project pitch: Gentle: an action RPG with a story covering mental health topics not discussed that could help the world understand people better.,"Hey everyone. So, I had an idea I talked with a few close friends about and wanted to share the idea with this sub reddit because a friend who got a project going with this place suggested it to me. Okay, *inhales* here we go!\n\n\nThe project title is: Gentle. It's a 2D RPG akin to say, The World Ends with You in how the presentation for the gameplay portion works. With a sort of Tetsuya Nomura art style. (I like how he draws anime esque designs over traditional anime. The outfits are so creative plus the faces are more emotional too me). \n\nThe story follows a boy who struggles with mental health issues such as depression, anxiety, and a topic that's difficult to discuss and isn't talked about in media enough which needs to be addressed as I've dealt with it for a long time: self harm. Even when media portrays it, it's usually with girls but it's become a bigger issue among guys as well and I wanted to raise awareness too it. He'd rather sit in his own space in his own world because he's afraid of being close too people, especially after a bad breakup where he was left for someone online. He often sees couples, friend groups, family's and just feels like there's something wrong, or different about him that's preventing him from finding something he felt he lost as a kid or was taken away from. He just doesn't understand how people do the things they do but more importantly, why they do the things they do, even if he has his own passions like messing with game design, drawing digital art, going for walks, etc \n\nHe often wears headphones or earbuds, listens to video game, anime, and film music over other music and sort of filters the world through a special way with the music. For example, while most people would be walking in a busy city and see grey colors, hear car and bustling City noises, he with the right music sees more color, objects he can interact with, people when they talk are more expressive and their personalities are hightened (like, how they speak either had more enthusiasm or even less depending on them). I figured this would make for an interesting world to explore, because you can have interesting world design without sacrificing a more down to earth feel. I figured the setting would be in some sort of dream or daydream type realm you switch between. Like, maybe an object he holds and he phases between the two. A good example for the color/tone shift would be in the difference between the real and dream worlds in Mario and Luigi Dream Team. \n\nIt'd follow him after a huge setback in his life that sends his depressive behaviors down a near death path that leads him to meet with people that teach him how to understand the world in a way that merges his with reality so he can learn to be happy and find the things he'd like out of life. \n\n\nIt'd be an action RPG, with combat built around basic punch/melee attacks with energy infused with them that comes with usual dream world type settings ing games so the basic punches have a bit more flare too them with the main gimmick/draw being that you have a few items slots to equip various weapons, badges/etc (I haven't decided on what they are yet, but they are your sort of special attacks) each with either a recharge period, different range or conditions to use, etc but much like say, 3D Zelda, you have a couple buttons open to map those items too during combat, I felt this design choice helps keep things more easier to digest for newer people while adding a degree of customization too it. You'd be limited to just 3 or so, so there's a good emphasis on getting creative with your picks of what you want to have for battle. \n\nBecause of the daydream type environment and not as realistic physics of that world (you know, the typical stuff RPG protagonists can do that we can't like how they jump,) it could lead to fun world design and exploration for extra goodies. I enjoy a game that balances 3 key elements rather than 2. I can't stand if a game is just, walk to fight, okay, walk to next one. I like substance in between to help keep things fresh and interesting. \n\n\nObviously, some kinks and such need too be worked out but I felt the daydream like idea could lead to limitless possibilities in what can qualify as a special. I figured you could also use a combination of basic and specials to build up to other unique moves. Party members and such I haven't worked out yet, but it's something I'd like to include. I have an original character of mine I've wanted to use in a game project for a while that plays an important character role in helping the main character. \n\n\nOverall, I've had this idea for a while but haven't shared it with anyone. I figured I'd put it out and see if it was fucking trash or actually really good or somewhere in between. Leave some feedback because I'd like too maybe one day take this idea somewhere. \n\n\nThank you for your time if you decide to look at this! My DM's, comments, etc are always open."
lfvzv6,The Corruption Chaos Rains,"This is a game idea I based off my book series that's in the making. This game would be an arena fighting game where you could choose all 94 of the characters and they each have 8 special attacks and have their own melee attacks. There would also be a story mode, survival, boss fights, and carnage modes. \n \nThe base game you could have 1v1s up to 10v10s and you can choose a character that fits your style. There would be death matches and objective based versions by escorting a payload or capturing a flag.\nEach character has armor, health, energy, and stamina bars. \n\nArmor is decreased before your health and can't be repaired.\n\nHealth is only decreased when you have no armor and it can regenerate after killing an opponent.\n\nEnergy decreases the more abilities you use and you have to wait for it to regenerate to use more abilities \n\nStamina is how long you can run at full speed, each character has a different stamina amount and it regenerates at different speeds for each character.\nEach bar has a unique amount for each character.\n\nSurvival, you can choose between 16 of the rebel characters to survive multiple waves of demons, angels, corrupted, zombies, and super soldiers. You can escape but only after a certain amount of waves and you only have one chance to escape or you have to stay and fight.\n\nBoss Fights, there are some characters who pushed their boundaries and reached new heights. Face a boss or be the boss in a 10v1 where the 10 weaker characters have to fight off one of their own turning against them for power. \n\nCarnage is a playlist of vehicle modes consisting of racing, boss runs, and vehicle survival.\n\nRacing, you can choose between characters cars and race them through destroyed cities or even futuristic paradises.\n\nBoss runs, a boss character needs to stop 4 runners from making it to the finish by an means necessary by throwing chunks of buildings and throwing vehicles to slow them down and kill them.\n\nVehicle survival, 3 characters need to stop one character in a car from making it to the finish line by using their abilities.\n\nStory mode, you can choose between 5 characters with their own sides of the story. There are five difficulties , and you can customize your character to your liking and upgrade them with new powers,perks, and weapons.\n\nDifficulties. We'll go easy, Stepping it up, Adrenaline Rush, Blood Rush, Corrupted Hell. Corrupted Hell is the only difficulty in the corrupted story and you can only unlock it for the other stories by beating the corrupted campaign.\n\nEndings. Each character has 4 endings and the endings depend on whether you spare characters befriend them, or kill them.\n\nThe four endings are good, neutral, evil, and unrivaled genocide.\n\nStory, each character is a part of a side of a war going on and you are selected to fight to secure dominance over the other sides. The sides are Demons, Angels, Hybrids, Corrupted, and Rebels.\n\nYour actions. Each character can be of use to you. If you befriend a character they become an allie that fights alongside you. If you spare them they give you new abilities and perks that can help you. If you kill them you take their weapon and can use it to help yourself.\n\nWhat your actions are towards the other characters can also unlock cosmetics for that character so you can choose something that you prefer for the character to wear or you can customize their weapon with a different look.\n\nStory mode fighting. You spawn on one side of the map and have to make your way towards the other side and in your way are a bunch of different types of enemies that are willing to tear you apart. In each map you can meet 3 characters and every few levels you encounter a boss that wants to take you off the face of the planet permanently. (You can't be their ally). It would be in third person. Depending on what you do even if it doesn't affect the characters it might be thing that makes them your friend or enemy."
lfveao,F.L.U.D.D like tool,"So for a game Im thinking of centering gameplay around using a tool such as FLUDD in Super Mario Sunshine. I really enjoyed how this tool made combat seem ""light"" in a way. Im looking to recreate that feel. Any thoughts or ideas?"
lfst3z,Help! Suggestion with grunt basic soldier character,"I'm designing a game based on character combat (overwatch, league) it's gonna be fps I am working on basic beginner character who is a soldier what should their powers be\nThere is a regular power passive power and ultimate power\n\nThere are shields in this game but I already have a character who overcharges"
lfoifu,Anime moba,Ik ik you must see this a lot on here but here me out. Basically I want to make a top down three lane moba with anime characters and the reason they’re there is because a bored otaku demon god wants them to fight(I have an idea where there will be an interview each time a new character is added) with different characters adding new content no other moba has done yet. I plan on going through Bandai or working at Bandai to make sure I get the rights to these characters. We have a discord if you’re are interested in seeing what we have done so far
lfm2vt,Team-Based FPS Idea,"16v16 team based FPS.\n\nNo TDM, entirely objective based modes.                                                                                                      Maps are bigger than CoD, smaller than Battlefield.\n\nYou get points for doing stuff like killing people, helping teammates and capping objectives.            Points can be used to upgrade gear. For example, a sniper rifle. It has two skill trees that you can pick individual skills from, Scout and Eliminator. \n\nScout has access to stuff like marking enemies on the minimap while scoped in, and Eliminator specializes in stuff like swapping their regular sniper rifle to a 50 Cal. But, the thing is, you can mix between these two archetypes, so for example, you can spec entirely into Scout, and at the endgame skills you can choose the 50 Cal that Eliminator gets.\n\nA couple of other things about gear is that it has a set weight to it, and there's a pick 10 system.           \nSo you pick your armor, which determines the weight you start at and your speed/health, and you can choose a variety of gear, from guns to medic and ammo packs, to sentries and spawn beacons for your teammates.\n\nThis would encourage a wide variety of builds, from an extremely fast, minimum armor pistol build, to an engineer class that has two sentries and a shotgun, to a highly armored sniper that can punch holes through even the toughest of enemies.\n\nBasically, this game's major strength is the customization of everything from attachments, to loadouts, to armor, to even basic cosmetics.\n\nThanks for reading, and have a nice day, everyone."
lflsm8,Funny puzzle platformer for 1 or 2 players.,"A puzzle platformer where you can control 2 different half’s of the same character. \n\nYou play as a character who was left cut in half after a Magic Show mishap.  \n\nMove around as the Torso and Legs. Using a button to hold your self together. The legs cans run, jump, and move. The torso can’t jump but can push, pull, and throw things. \n\nYou have to think how to traverse the puzzles and figure out how to get back together. \n\nJust thought it was a funny idea."
lfhfft,Need advice with rhythm games,"I'm planning to make a rhythm game, but I just can't make up a new idea. I really liked Avicii Invector and Beat Saber, and my goal is to make something similar to them, but not an exact copy. That is, there are notes coming towards you, you have to press the correct button when the notes reach a line, you are allowed to miss some beats before fail, only the multiplier resets. I also want the game to be controller compatible, while also being playable using a keyboard (and/or mouse).\n\nI came up with the idea to use two buttons only. On the controller, this would mean the two triggers. The problem with this is, that pressing the right button out of two seems not too competitive, as you are allowed to miss. \n\nThen I thought about a 4 button control. On the controller: triggers and LB RB (the buttons above the triggers). This would allow for a more challenging level design. But the problem: when playing a really fast song (e.g. Overkill by RIOT), you would be forced to use your middle and index fingers on both the keyboard and controller - and latter is not a comfortable hold. Otherwise, (using only your index fingers) the control would be way harder and tiring using a controller.\n\nI really liked the idea to use both triggers (like u are playing the drum), but I'm not sure if it's a good idea as it prevents you from using any other buttons. I mean, when your index fingers are on the triggers, and you are playing a really intensive level, you just can't use your thumb without disrupting your index fingers, just try it.\n\nDo you have any ideas about the game itself or the control?\n\nI'm also open to totally different ideas! :)"
lfgmc7,"Competitive Game that Incorporates ""Foul Play"""," One of the things that I realised greatly separates E-sports from most regular sports is that within reality, there is always room for subjective ""rule breaking"" and testing the limits of what is ""allowed"". For example: what counts as a foul in football? Before the days of HawkEye, although there are strict rules about what counts as ball in tennis being within the line, it was up to human perception to dictate if a ball was ""in"" or ""out"". In videogames, because everything is controlled by the programmed mechanics and game engine, there is no room for foul play or human error when accounting for rules.\n\nMost people would see this as an advantage - and generally I would agree. But in my opinion, the act of pushing the boundaries of what is ""allowed"" in real sports/games adds a dynamic that is lost in videogames, and to my knowledge, is not something which has ever been really explored (if it has, I would love to know!). \n\nUnfortunately, I don't have any ideas for videogames with foul play, or how they could even be incorporated. If there were foul mechanics which were not detected by the game itself, who adjudicates the game? If it were a MOBA style team game for example, would there have to be some third-party referee? Could it perhaps be that the game \*can\* detect ""foul play"", but it's on the burden of the player to call it out? What would ""foul play"" in a card, RTS, MOBA, Shooter, fighting game or whatever even look like? I'm not sure, but I'm hoping anyone reading this finds it as oddly interesting as I do.  \n \n\n(Again, there's always the chance that this has been done effectively elsewhere and I'm just not aware of it, and if so, I would love someone to point it out.)"
lf1yu1,Game-stonks,Hey All ! With what happened I realized how many people still don't know anything about stonks. I want to make a game which uses real data or real time data to help player learn about the market. Any ideas would be appreciated. Thanks !!
lezoxb,C¤MPLEX Request,"So; to put it short, I decided to expand my game dev knowledge by asking my family what kind of game they wanted to play.\n\nI've only ever worked on 2d platformers, fnaf-like &amp; puzzles games.\n\n◇Here is a part of that conversation:\n\n1st: ""something like BOTW"" \n\nWhy: ""I liked how exploring &amp; discovering new stuff felt like""\n\n\n2nd: ""fights that's not boring""\n\nWhat did you mean: ""stuff like button smashing or things with alot of blood are boring""\n\n\n3rd: ""pokemon""\n\nUm...: ""I like all the pokemon &amp; color""\n\n》\n\n♧In conclusion: Decided to do research and came to a game called ""Spetrobes"".\n\nAlot was wrong with the game but it did make for a good reference.\n\nWhat I'm planning on doing is making a ""third person action game with a taming &amp; crafting systems"".\n\nSpectrobes is what I'm using for game tone or feel, but with much more freedom.\n\n\n~But if there is a better example or way to do this please do tell.\n\nThank you in advance."
lezc0d,A Rythmic 2d Fighter,"Basically a normal 2d Fighter like Street Fighter, but you can only do a move every Beat.\n\nYou could even add some combos where you could only add one input per Beat. \n\nIt would be a little slower than usual Fighting Games and thus easier to learn for Beginners.\n\nDifferent Diffeculties could be added by changing the BpM.\n\nE.g.:\n\nBeginner - 60 BpM\n\nEasy - 90 BpM\n\nNormal - 120 BpM\n\nHard - 170 BpM\n\nVery Hard - 200 BpM\n\nExpert - 250 BpM"
ln0kxq,Rhythm Games combined with Turn Based Battles.,"So, whenever you enter a fight, you start your turn by selecting one of the four ""attacks"" you have. Each attack has a small dance dance revolution minigame that lasts between 5 to 10 seconds. The difficulty of the minigame is based on how strong the attack is. After you finish, the effectiveness of the move is based of off how well you did. The more notes you hit, the better. Some attacks do damage, others do healing, buffs, debuffs, etc.\n\nAfter your turn, the enemy takes their turn. They give you another DDR minigame, which will usually be more difficult than your attacks. The more notes you hit, the less damage you take. \n\nEvery time you beat a new enemy, you get a new attack added to your arsenal. You can only equip 4 of them at a time, though.\n\nThere probably wouldn't be a big world, but single levels all connected in a hub world. There would be specific bosses you'd need to beat to advance the story.\n\nThere could also be mechanics such as different types of music dealing super effective/ less effective damage against certain enemies."
ln0g4t,A hybrid of visual novel and action hack and slash game?,"The gameplay is a simplistic soulslike: You can attack, avoid, guard, and deflect based around a constantly regenerating stamina bar. By attacking enemies with their own guard raised and deflecting their attacks, you can drain their stamina to leave them vulnerable until it regenerates once depleted.\n\nThe game world is divided into multiple parallel routes where you have to get to the end while collecting various things to upgrade your character such as different types of weapons that are better at ranged combat, stamina damage, crowd control, or having a faster recovery between attacks, along with active-use abilities that deal greater damage with modifiers, stamina and hp upgrades, and equipment that endow passive effects.\n\nBetween routes are ""Story junctions"" where depending on what you say and do to certain people can change your objectives and lead you down a different route. Depending on the route you take, you will accumulate different collectables and have different experiences.\n\nThe ending largely depends on your final route and your interactions between NPCs and some junctions might be affected by your actions in previous routes.\n\nAny thoughts?"
ln0bgn,Codename: Jumpman,"I originally created this idea while predicting nintendo’s lineup for 2021, but the more i though about it i had many more ideas, until it became a full game in my mind. \n\n     Codename: Jumpman is a 3D take on the arcade donkey kong games. The player controls mario (or others in multiplayer) and plays different vertical platforming stages, with the main objective being to get to the top of the level and fight donkey kong. Mario has the same move-set and physics as in mario odyssey, as a way to keep development easier. The only exception to his is cappy, who does not appear. All stages are vertical, as if your climbing a building like in donkey kong. Levels are completely linear with few branching paths. The length of stages is longer than a level in mario 3d land/world, being a little under double the length of a level in those games. Because of this, the game features a little over half of the stages in a linear 3d mario game. Each stage ends with a fight against donkey kong, though it is different with each stage. For instance, in a water level, donkey kong would be dressed as a pirate and use cannons and other pirate related weapons. The game would also be much more difficult than a standard mario game, being much faster as well as very tight jumps, as if you were jumping from guard rail to guard rail on a construction cite.\n\n         The games tone and style is very different to a normal mario game, being based on action movies of all types and eras. This is even reinforced in the title, which implies that mario is known under the alias jumpman. This theme would also be prevalent in the opening cutscene, with mayor pauline (from the original donkey kong and mario odyssey) would say to an advisor “get me jumpman” and then mario would walk through the door in slow motion, wearing a suit and sunglasses while james bond-ish music plays. Many stages also pay homage to action movies, either being based on specific movie (like a rush hour level, a matrix lever or a die hard level) or being based on generic action movie set pieces (like a casino level, oil rig level or a warehouse level). Not all stages would be based on action movies, would other ideas i had being a flooding lighthouse, a factory making bomb ombs and mechakoopas, and an abandoned office building. \n\n\n        Donkey Kong attacks from above, like in the original game, throwing barrels along with many other both generic and stage specific attacks. Standard mario enemies like goombas and koopas also appear, but very rarely. Despite attacks from donkey kong and mario enemies, the main challenge comes from with level design, with tight jumps and small, moving platforms being abundant. \n\n         Most mario items appear alongside coins. The hammer from the original donkey kong also appears, and instead of working like it did in the original game. It gives mario a very powerful sword like weapon until it breaks from too much use. The only new power up is the buffshroom, turning mario into muscular action movie stars. The character designs could be based off different action movie actors, for instance mario could be based on arnold schwwarzenegger, and luigi could be based on the rock.\n\n       Codename: Jumpan would attack a more adult crowd than a normal mario game due to it’s higher difficulty and action movie motif. The would also be very good for speedrunning, with a mode specifically for it. The game would also have local and online four player multiplayer, with mario, luigi and two other characters being playable"
lmxxue,Yandere Simulator but you're a noble trying to marry the Kingdom's Prince/ess to become a King/Queen,"Your character isn't in love (at least initally), they just want power. Every week a new potential suitor from a faraway land (with different strengths and weaknesses) will try to court the Prince or Princess and you have to sabotage their attempts.\n\nEndings vary depending how you did this. If your character used mostly peaceful or more strategic methods, they end up being a fair &amp; just ruler. But if you played dirty or even ended up committing murder/treason, your character ends up becoming a cruel dictator. Alternative endings may be possible depending on your actions. (For example, if you learn &amp; harness dark magic to dispose of every single one of your rivals, your character may end up being a cult leader who sacrifices the entire kingdom to an evil Eldritch god. Or if you go Robin Hood on all your rivals, you end up leading a revolution against monarchy and overthrow the kingdom. If you dueled all your rivals &amp; won, you're asked to sign on as a Knight and get sent off to war. Just some ideas)"
lmwxsl,Gathering Hack n Slash/ARPG ideas (everything),Hello I am gathering EVERY SINGLE PIECE of idea related to hack n slash. Even if it is a single sentence describing an idea that crossed your mind !\n\nThanks I hope i'll read so good ideas \^\^ \n\n:)
lmwc7c,"Crystallized, a platformer with story","This is a simple progression for a game idea I have been having after a friend suggested that\n“What about a game where you have a parasite”\nWhich caused me to brainstorm and create this out of my own free will and useless time\n\nTHIS IS MORE OF A STORY BASIS AND NOT MECHANICS\n\nPrototype Act 1.\n“Break Free”\nA average woman is at her office job as she was typing away on the computer, suddenly a sharp pain shoots through her body, red crystals that appeared to be made of blood appeared on her body, a couple on her wrist, more on her shoulder, one even replacing her eye as it covered it making it harder to see, syrens blared as the windows locked with automatic systems\n\n“INFECTION DETECTED, EXTERMINATION PROTOCAL ACTIVATED”\n\nThe woman looked up at the speaker as the pain subsided\n“Infection…. what..?”\nThey say to themselves as vents closed in the office\n\n???:\n“What are you waiting for! Make a run for it! You don’t want to be killed now do you?!” \n\nThey hear a mysterious voice inside their head as vision to their eye now made of crystals returned\n\n“Hold on who are you! And why should I listen.”\nShe said reasoning with a unknown voice\n\n???:\n“I can fill you in later, all you need to know is that I already know everything about you, Stella. Now get moving or we are both gonna be dead in a few minutes!”\n\nStella was a little shocked as the stood up with a stagger, and started heading to the door, as a noxious gas started filling the entire office complex\n\n{this is when the main mechanic of the game is introduced, time limits, you have a fixed time to complete a part of the game, and if failed you have to start over, and can gain more time by doing certain objectives}\n\n*after the voice tells you how to move, jump, special mechanics and such to avoid the now dangerous office, traps and obstacles littered everywhere to stop you from escaping, to add more time to your timer you would grab emergency oxygen tanks from people that died trying to escape, and some unknown people that seemed to be the ones that set the traps up*\n\nHalfway through you get a checkpoint and a brief conversation happens\nStella: \n“Who are you anyway, are you just a voice in my head?”\n\n???: \n“Im just you conscious, I’m that light voice in you head telling you what to do and avoid. And I’m saying that you shouldn’t die here”\n\nStella:\n“Fair, and I should be standing around for too long-“\n\n*during the halfway period, you eventually gain the ability for slashing and dashing, a crystal extending from right above there elbow, extending slightly pass the hand, it’s one side is razor sharp*\n\n{each level of the building is a level of the game, as you start at floor 50 or 25 working your way down}\n\n{At the first floor in the grand lobby}\n\nYou almost exited the building as someone in a ballistics vest and other bullet proof clothing stops you, they wear sun glasses and a gas mask to help to they can breathe in the toxic air of the office\n\nBallistics guy:\n“So your the one that set off the infection alarm, I must admit, I’m surprised you made it to the first floor at all”\n\nStella:\n“So that’s what these crystals are- but please let me out of here! I’m still in control!”\n\nBallistics guy:\n“Not a chance, that infection you have can crystallize people in a single day, from a single prick of blood, and I’m surprised your still conscious in all honesty, usually people pass out in the first hour of being infected.”\n\nStella:\n“So I’m gonna become a crystal?! But.. but..-“\n\nBallistics guy:\n“Yeah, your too young to die, but your gonna die today no matter what, so die in here and leave innocent people unharmed”\n\nStella:\n“Unharmed?! I saw dead bodies from the traps you guys set up on the way down here! I haven’t hurt a fly on the way here”\n\n???:\n“Just end this guy and escape, he’s lying.”\n\nBallistics guy:\n“If you get out and lose control, this entire city could be wiped out, it’s a necessary sacrifice for the greater good, now die like the zombie you are, but I will make it so you don’t suffocate, I will kill you swiftly so you don’t have to suffer from that leach inside of you, Now accept your death by me! Cole Smith!”\n\n*they make a frantic dash at the player, if the player doesn’t jump out of the way they Die a scripted death followed by this like: \n“Thanks for standing still, now Rest In Peace, and know you saved people by dying”\nBut if they do dodge the attack, the fight begins where the player\n\nIf lose:\n“You resisted, but the ending is just the same, sooner, and safer”\n\nIf win:\n\nCole:\n*starting to bleed out*\n“You- you infuriating Zombie! Cant you see that your being used as a puppet before you die? Cant you see your going to hurt more people?”\n\nStella:\n“I’m still in control, and I intend to live as long as I can! And I will find a way to stop my death from this leach as you call it”\n\nCole:\n“Impossible… there isn’t a way- there isn’t a chance! You will just end up killing others… starting… with… me…”\n\n???:\n“Just ignore the Idiot that died, now is your time to leave”\n\n{Cole falls to the ground, now lifeless, and clutching the remote to open the door of the office}\n\n{quickly Stella picked up the remote and exited into the outside, realizing something was wrong}\n\nTO BE CONTINUED"
lmud1q,Lost for mobile games ideas,"Does anybody have any ideas for a mobile game I could make. I am stuck for ideas. It would preferably be a simple game, such as platformer or something along the lines of flappy bird, maybe even a board game. I am not familiar with making multiplayer games or FPS games for mobile but other than that I am happy to give it a go. \nUnfortunately, I can only publish to android platform because I am too broke to pay $99 a year for iOS devices 😖"
lmtpd9,Dream Groundhog Day,"Being stuck in your dream, but knowing that it's a dream, doing whatever crazy stuff you may have in your dreams happen! XD As for mechanics, you are also stuck in one same day, so every NPC in the city has the same schedule every day, and it resets at the end of the each day. You just discover, try to do different or same things, and see how the world tries to react to your actions. One day you can be a criminal, ""another"" day you can be a hero, yet ""another"" day you can kill yourself. Some of the stuff may be easy to achieve in one day, but the others? Could you get promoted from an office employee to be the CEO in just one day? Could you make someone fall in love with you in one day? Could you become a serial killer without getting caught in one day? On the other hand, your time is infinite, since your memory keeps the information, so you can learn and try to achieve more stuff each day, but not necessarily the same stuff. Think of it more like an open-world game.  \n\n\nThat would be a fun to play game for me, but since it would require writing down way too much stuff, like daily schedule and events of a thousand citizens!? I don't think I'll ever gonna build such game. So feel free if you may. :)"
lmr9g8,What if the game designer lies to you?,"A game which starts off in classic fashion: menu, options, start game, tutorial...\n\n...but then, after you get the basics of the game, in follow up interactions with you, the game narrator and UI of the game itself start introducing information that is purposefully wrong and get you into trouble.\n\nAfter a while, it becomes obvious that the game designer is diagetic (in the game world) and is a character who tries to either make you fail, or use you to get to his own goals (which don't align with your own goals as a character or player). Hence, the game designer is the bad guy too.. xD\n\nI guess this is a similar idea to Stanley Parable (or Nier), and invites you to think about the following: how can the Game Designer lie to the player?\n\nI'm not talking badly designed UI or UX here, I'm specifically talking about ""lying"" to the player as a game challenge that the player must overcome. Maps with wrong information, tutorial pop-ups that invite you to do mistakes. Narrator that purposefully lie. And most interesting of them all....the game trains you on mechanics on one way, and then, throws a challenge that requires you to do the opposite of what you learned..."
lmr0o6,"Terminator Game from Terminator perspective. Time travel to the 80’s-90’s and Assassinate key figures of the resistance. Game utilizes Speech options similar to Fallout, where you attempt to blend into the human populace to get closer to your target. Picture Hitman mixed with A VS P",
lmpsna,Dishwasher Simulator/Tetris Clone,"This is a little strange, but every time I load a dishwasher I think about playing Tetris and figuring out the optimal placement of dishes to load per wash. I also get frustrated when people I live with don't load a dishwasher efficiently.\n\nSo the thought here is, can you make a Tetris clone that involves loading a dishwasher? Either that or a Deus Ex inventory management style puzzle mechanic. You have X number of dishes of varying shapes and limited space to fit as much as possible.\n\nCould be 2d or 3D. Could even have Surgeon Simulator style controls for comedy. A sink full of dirty dishes. Some so greasy they might slide out of your hands."
lmns7e,Can this Subreddit be used for board game ideas?,
lmnpwo,A reboot of Clay Fighter, literally what the title says\n\nclayfighter: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ClayFighter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ClayFighter)
lmmr84,What is that new game that everyone is looking for now?," \n\nWith all the distress in the world now, no relief, people cry out with anger. No way out it seems, yet the path is clear. Fear has struck some, others are filled with motive. Oh my home, where my bones are kept warm, alike the mirage in the desert. Then the angel without wings pays his respect, alike old forgotten heroes.\n\n""Demon..."" proclaimed the hero without wings, knowing he had fallen from grace, yet he met his distant brother. Demon then walked across with silent respect, the unspoken language of a soldier.\n\nAcross the turmoil, amid the warzone, the wrecked ship, and fallen fellow brethren. Hope was in the heart of the hero. He wanted to keep his hope up, Cortana had learned hope from him. Alike a getaway drive. Frees the soul of trapped angels, who roam the earth searching for something.\n\nOut the wreck, into the glorious world, the unseen was revealed. The tone of legendary flutes and sounds of instruments with strings, my heart startled. Angels of Demons, Angels of War, Angels of Death, Uknown Angels, and the unseen. ""Chief, about my condition..."" She replied, in aguish with something she had just learned. ""How"" answered the Chief... showing hope.\n\nShould legends include unknown kingdoms, unknown kings, unknown heroes? Those are my riddles."
lmk787,Stupid dungeon crawler idea,Not very specific but as of recently i have been very interested in the idea of a 2d game where you fight with a ball and chain. Just swinging it around decimating enemies and gaining xp to upgrade it. And that's just all a you go in a dungeon/forest thing and just kill small monsters upgrading your weapon the way you feel like maybe you can make the ball larger or make it smaller and faster. You can light it on fire or dip it in poison or maybe dip it in poison get a secondary ball and chain that rotates around the first ball and chain that is on fire idk. Best comparison is 2d medieval Doom.
lmjvu2,How much would you buy my game for? [Curious],"I guess this might or might not count so if it doesn't you guys can tell me and i will take it down.\n\nAnyway here is my game idea / work in progress.\n\nSo its when the player becomes the president and is trying to solve problems that become more and more difficult to solve, although there would always be a way to solve it with some twists in the story line where the user might not think there is a way but if the continue with the best options they solve the problems.\n\nYou would also get the option to have a partner/girlfriend or boyfriend/ whatever and you could even be single if you want through out your journey. You could also decide which characteristics your partner, or so, on will have.\n\nYou could always speak whatever and whenever you would like and the AI could respond appropriately, in accordance to your other decisions you've made before hand, and if its your partner (or so on) they will respond according to the characteristics you've chosen in the beginning before the game started.\n\nI know there was a post where the moderator said the game ideas should be reasonable i feel like this counts as i have already started the prep work and began a path already so i think it is reasonable.\n\nIts going to be made in [console.app](https://console.app) framework in c# using the Visual studio 2019 IDE\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis game would unfortunately have now graphics except text (as my laptop could literarily be passed for as a literal potato and it runs as good as an overweight person with asthma and a dislocated knee).\n\nSo in essence i would like to know if anyone would buy this game if its ever made, and for how much, or should i give up and make some other game."
lmfh0n,When I was a kid I dreamt of traveling. Imagine a full virtual vacation focusing on realism.,"The ""Uber"" drive to the airport, the airport itself, the plane flight, the hotel check-in, the hotel room, and several locations with attractions. All with dynamic audio and full length (for example, real flight lengths, but skippable). I for one would love to take a nap in a virtual hotel room with maybe a built-in video player on the tv and ocean sounds outside. This would be focused on realism and not cartoony. Think total recall, but less death and muscles. In fact! Hold on... we could call it ""Utter Recollection"". See? We can do this! ""Oh wait, it's not a partnership."" \[Mumbles to self\]. \n\nWhen I was a kid, once I took a trip with my parents, I played ""take a vacation"" all the time, because I loved the whole process. This could be an entertaining game for kids and adults who want the experience but can't or for someone who just wants to relax.\n\nI wish I could take on this project, but I have too many projects already and I am not experienced enough. Unless... you wanted to take a trip on the partner-ship. No? Ok.\n\nI realized how cool this could be when I watched a ""plane passenger"" 360 video and later found myself taking a nap in the oculus home. Real travel is of course best, but for relaxing this would be amazing.  \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThank you for your time and consideration. Oh and no I am not the impostor. That was Steve. Always steve. Did I mention I want to do voiceovers?"
lmernx,GRIEF,"The rouge like that puts a new meaning in “everyone grieves differently”\n\nThe player controls a character who has no memory but has found themselves in an unfamiliar place with creatures surrounding them and the only instruction they have is “Fight” \n\nAfter completing the first room, the character unlocks a memory/power up following a cutscene. In Grief the power ups are also the characters memory’s awarded by completing rooms/ bosses. After a while of stacking memory’s the character infers that he is dead and is in some sort of limbo\n\nThe bosses at the end of each 5 levels are The 5 stages of grief, in creature like form but also with some similarities to characters that pop up in certain memory cutscenes. Each boss has a memory attached to them and two very strong power ups. The character at the start of the fight will have to choose how they want to embrace the memory, like bury it down or accept it for what it was. That will determine which power up they will get for the boss fight ahead of them. \n\nhow did they player die ? was he killed ? was it suicide ? who or what are they grieving, and why is their grief so powerful that it is keeping them alive ? \n\nThis is a game will focus on a strong deep story and wild fun boss fights."
lmehdp,"Here’s mine i recently came up with, an Adventure Open-world survival-like game where you play as a Dog, traveling together with your owner. But with a twist, the dog’s a robot and its set somewhere around the future.","(Tell me if this idea is already taken or not) \n\nIt’ll be like a Survival journey game. You play as the owner’s dog. Your owner’s a hunter doing his job for a living. And ofc as his dog, you’ll help him gather and craft some supplies and help hunt some food for him. Once you keep doing that, your “bond” together will increase. And as it goes up, you, the dog, your robot-like traits will slowly fade away as you slowly become more like a real dog."
lmeb05,New fps mafia game idea (scrapped the idea for my old post),"I’ve made a new script and some lines of code for a new project I’m making: A mafia game set in the 70s.\n\n-You are a no-name guy who has no voice (similar to some of my favourite rpg’s) that is a low-level petty thief from a city sprawling with lights, skyscrapers and a whole lot of crime families and street gangs. In the early-mid 70s, after about a year of trying to make a name for yourself, you attempt to join a street gang related to a big-time crime family. When you try to pull off a car jacking, you’re caught by a local gang, who’s leader owns the car. These guys beat the crap out of you and a couple of other recruits. You must now make your way back to the main hideout to get medical help with the other guys. The game continues on with you making it back and already moving on to other missions, trying to gain as much territory and members as possible before the police regain control of the situation. The reason why you’re doing this is because the police are finally starting to put godfathers and leader of the families in prison, so you need as many men as possible to remain in control and prevent any future problems. In the end, you either succeed, fail (I’ll explain shortly) or you get killed after getting whacked for trying to begin a side business without sharing a cut of your own earnings. (These endings will become more developed in a second). You progress through the ranks as the story goes on.\n\n\n-The city:\nIt’s just a city, it’s got a central area with nature and man-made lake. There’s a river that surrounds it and the other industrial island with it’s power plant. The city sprawls with light however. It’s the reason why I chose a first person camera, so you can appreciate the gloomy, the shiny and the bougie parts of the city. Most buildings can be entered, there’s a metro that connects to most areas of the map, being the quickest but being the most expensive of your 4 options of transportation. Taxis exist but prices vary depending on the location and how willing they are to go there (nicer areas will be guaranteed for acceptance by the drivers, while gang run neighbourhoods will be less accepted).\n\n\n-Options for the player:\nthere’s free reign for customization but you will be judged and have a higher likelihood of getting mugged depending on your location and what you’re wearing. You can change the colour of your clothes when you buy them and keep all colour versions to use them when you want and mix your clothing up. Note that the clothes are period correct and are based on the trends of the time. You can buy, steal and collect cars and modify them in any way. You can change engine parts, suspension, fenders, interior pieces, colours, wheels, exhausts and much more! Want a hot rod, make one! Want to have a luxurious cruiser, why not?! You have almost no limits. The car will need to be cleaned, turned on and off by holding a key/button, have the lights turned on and off manually, manually turn on the windshield wipers and refilled for gas. The player can change their appearance in any way they feel like. There will be different shops for all you want to do to yourself. You can buy penthouses, condos, bungalows or maybe a basic apartment is more of your fancy. \n\n\n-weapons:\nFists, pipes, baseball bats, crowbars, knives, knuckle dusters, golf clubs, trash can lids, revolvers, pistols, shotguns, sawed-off’s, rifles and smg’s. Snipers are only useable in story missions and in the epilogue.\n\nGaining territories:\nAs the game progresses, day-by-day you will either lose or gain territory. If you’re not involved enough, you’ll start losing lots of turf, eventually resulting in a game over, resulting in a restart or load-up of a previous checkpoint. More contribution means more territory is gained and it can be protected for longer without you needing to do much.\n\n\nEndings:\n\n1- You succeed at gaining all turf and fight off the police, keeping your control over the city and being inducted in as the godfather. You can free roam in the epilogue.\n\n2- You fail and go into hiding, being forced to fight at every corner just to survive. The family has fizzled out and you are back on the streets. You can free roam post-story albeit with much less money and properties/possessions in general.\n\n3- At the final chapter, you start a business separate from the crime family. If you choose not to cut them in, you’ll be killed and will never learn of the outcome of the city. If you do cut in the family, you get endings 1 or 2. In this ending, free roam isn’t possible post-story.\n\n\n*You can upgrade stats on your character by doing missions, side missions and business growing.\n\nAny feedback is appreciated, so please share your thoughts. This game won’t be finished for a few years so might as well get the kinks figured out before it’s too late."
lmbiix,survivial game,"So this idea is a bit similar to the Forest, but the idea is that a person who gets stranded on a island after a really bad plane crash, you set out to save yourself and/or find other survivor's (NPCS) . They help you navigate and stuff, but unlike the Forest, you also find people that were already living there but not like tribes but people that went missing. So and you find out you're in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle, and find many missing people on the island."
lm85iu,"Play as powerful wizard, but using your powers corrupts you.","Basically you play as Gandalf with a whole bunch of powerful skills, but using them turns you into Sith Lord. Game tempts you to do it because it's an easy solution for each mission and also it's fun. Probably the game would need to have a very strong narrative."
lm5svn,Singleplayer Survival RPG set in the Ice Age,"This is a dream game since childhood, I love this time period and I am sad this Period is so uncommon in gaming. I know of Stone Rage but this idea is more Roleplay based.\n\nThe working title is Age of Beasts.\n\nRaces: You could play as a few different races, the first would be based off the first H. Sapiens coming from Africa they would have great stamina and speed but be weaker as a result. The second based off the Neanderthals and they would have higher HP and strength but would be slower and need more food. Third is the Hybrid, they would be a mix of the Humans and the Neanderthals, they would be kind of the jacks of all trades, good strength and speed but lower Strength the the Neanderthals and slower than humans but would be Stronger than humans and faster than Neanderthals.\n\nThe Biomes: There would be 4 biomes, the Biggest would be the steppe. It would have massive herds of mammoths, bison, reindeer horses, and Saiga antelope. It would also have woolly Rhinos and Elasmotherium with small herds of Irish elk maybe 5 to 8 animals. The predators would also be the most dangerous here with prides of cave lions and packs of cave hyenas and wolves. The scariest predator would be Homotherium, a sabretooth cat. Hybrid players would start here It would have only a few trees and would be very dry.  2nd is the forest, It would have Aurochs, red deer, wild boar, rabbits, Irish Elk, tapirs, moose and brown bears. It would have lynx, wolves and Cave bears, the biggest predators in the game. The Forest would be where human players would start. 3rd is the mountains, the second biggest biome. It would have the same animals as the forest but with addition of the Ibex and snow leopard. The cave hyenas and Lions would live here as well. Neanderthal players would start here. Lastly the coast the coldest biome by far. It would have Whales, seals, fish and Polar bears. It would be frozen over in the Winter.\n\nClimate and weather: The Biomes all have different climates. The steppe would be the driest and have little too no rain or snow. The steppe would be the place to be in Summer but be devoid of life during Winter. The steppe would have extreme weather, so if it snows it snows 10 feet and if it rains it floods the small streams of the steppe. The forest would have moderately wet. In Winter it would have mammoths who fled the steppe and snowfall regularly. Summer in the forest would be nice and temperate. The Mountains would have Hibernating bears, and cave lions and hyenas would live here in the Winter.  It would also be a good place for players to go in the Winter with it's large caves providing shelter from the elements. Summers in the mountains would be colder than the forest but warmer than the steppe and coast. The coast would be cold in the summer but would be a good place to go in the Spring.\n\nCrafting and building: Building would be like Grounded you make the building as you go. Humans and Hybrids could make large round houses and huts but Neanderthals would have to settle for tents. There would be a enchanting system, where you get animal bones and they imbue the weapon with the animal's power. Mammoth tusks and furs could be used to make huts and other structures. The common argument against this setting is it not having much diversity in tools, but I think that is wrong. You would have 4 tiers of weapon materials, each with drawbacks and strengths, the materials would be flint, bone, antler and obsidian. flint and bone are worse versions of antler and obsidian. Obsidian weapons would have crazy damage but be very fragile and would break often making them less sustainable. Antler would have good durability but less damage output than obsidian. Bone would have the least amount of damage and flint would have more durability than bone but do less damage than antler and obsidian. The weapon types would be Axes, daggers, atlatls, spears, and clubs. Spears, clubs, and atlatls would be good hunting tools and war weapons. Axe and daggers would be useful for combat and would be used as tools as well. Clothing and weapon types would be dependent on race with Hybrids and Humans making more advanced tools and huts but Neanderthals having more basic tech, Neanderthals would be able to make spears and knives but axes would lack shafts and be almost unusable as weapons. Neanderthals would make clothes like capes, skirts, boots but would not be able to make pants or shirts. Humans and Hybrids would make shirts and pants as well as capes skirts and boots. Fur clothes would worn in Winter but would be exchanged for woven cloth in Summer.\n\nGameplay and core mechanics: Combat would be like Grounded, with the ability to yeet spears and other weapons at your foes. NPCs would travel the map and would trade with the player. Neanderthals would be able to get advanced weapons and clothes from these merchants. The player would form a tribe as they go from place to place. Humans and Neanderthals can only recruit their own race but hybrids can recruit anyone. The seasons would dictate your life and your companions lives. You would have to travel around with the seasons. If you stay in place to long animals will avoid it and food will become scarce. Animals will have realistic behaviors and will either fight or flee. No passive animals that ignore you. Mammoths would be the hardest to hunt due to having such high intelligence. Humans and Hybrids can tame dogs. \n\nI know it is long but I an really passionate about this game idea."
lm5aco,Need Dungeon Crawler/RPG type game ideas,I have all the assets and characters ready. I have some sort of basics for the storyline I just need some inspiration.\n\nCan anyone give me some storyline/mechanics ideas?
lm3udo,A Sims game in style of Project Zomboid,"Now I am a sucker for sims 1's art style, and that might be what made me enjoy Project Zomboid so much.\n\nWhile playing PZ, I cant stop thinking how cool it would be to have a game like the Sims where you can just walk and drive around the city like you can in PZ.\n\nMaybe throw in some RPG elements like the GBC version of Sims Bustin out and the ability to influence the town and start building projects.\n\nDon't know if others would be interested in this, but I can't stop thinking about it!"
lm0wrt,JRPG Inn Tycoon,"You know the game Recettear: an Item Shop Tale, where you play as a shopkeeper in a JRPG world? This is that, but for inns.\n\nFirst of all, compared to Recettear where you have to go to dungeons from time to time, you never go anywhere outside your inn. The game is focused more on the simulation, customization, and management aspect, where you can design your own building.\n\nFirst, you start on the beginner's town. Your inn is small and only has one floor. The only people who visit are farmers and bored villagers. Your objective each stage is to attract a quantity of ""heroes"" to your inn. To attract them, you need to provide things that a JRPG hero would need, such as beds, meals, and *save points*. Villagers provide rumors on which events are happening in the town or what heroes are currently in town and how to attract them to your inn.\n\nAs you reach the mid to end game, you move to larger and larger cities, and finally at an end game city that borders on the demon lord's castle or something. Then your inn will be visited by the rumored chosen one that will save the world. Sometimes there will be events where your inn will be attacked by monsters (common JRPG tropes) or if two certain heroes are staying at the same time, they will trigger a romance event and you'll get a hidden achievement. \n\nI could go on and on, tell me what you think!"
lloj0f,Xenonauts type aerial combat where you can manage a squadron,"Play as maybe a PMC air wing commander fighting against different enemies and factions for money, favors, and reputation with this factions. Open to interpretation, I just don’t think enough games have that kinda xenonauts type aerial combat. If there is one that I haven’t seen, please tell me."
llf718,Asymmetrical godzilla style games.,"After watching godzilla I started thinking how cool it would be to do an asymmetrical style multiplayer game where 1 or more people play as a giant monster like godzilla while you have dozens of other players play as soldiers fighting the monster. I imagine it being like battlefield in terms of what the soldiers using tanks, helicopters, and jets. Or instead of the monster being the size of godzilla you could have let's say maybe 10 people playing as monsters that are the size of Titans from attack on Titan and maybe like 60 people playing as soldiers trying to defend the city."
llexvn,Game jam,The game jam is called Brackeys 2021.1 and I'm struggling with interesting game ideas. I want the game to be 2D with very minimalistic art assets. Could someone help me?
llehon,Godzilla game villain?,"Although I am still working on it I ran into a problem,Godzilla does not yet have a main villain to fight in the game.Who do you think you think it should be?let me know!"
lled7h,Open World Zombie Game Idea,"Zombie Game Idea\n\nMix of Ark, Fortnite, Call of Duty and Minecraft.\n\nYou are stranded on an island during a zombie outbreak. You must find a way to escape and survive. (Open world)\n\nCall of Duty is the main movement system. You can run fast, the gunplay feels very call of duty etc. \n\nYou start off on a helicopter and you are told to investigate the island (Very large island) The helicopter gets shot down. \n\nYou must build bases, build weapons, build things to survive and escape. \n\nAs you start getting better at building, you can build better bases, weapons etc in some sort of xp system\n\nYou can't just build a wooden boat and leave. Zombies will swim and kill you on the boat. It's not that easy. \n\nThis is of course a multiplayer game! You can add people to your clan to help you survive! But there is also other clans. You can raid and kill other clans for their loot and bonus rewards. \n\nThe stronger you and your team gets, the harder the zombies get too. It's not a simple walk in the park. If you die, you will respawn. But only if your base is still standing. If your base is raided and broken. You must restart.\n\nAlso, whatever loot you have on you when you die, stays where you die. Adventuring will be a challenge. \n\nYou can play it safe and get everything yourself, or raid peoples villages, bases etc and get the loot and added bonuses. Whatever helps you escape. \n\nWant this game to be a very grindy game but still really fun with friends. Definitely want the game to take a while to complete. \n\nYou can build guns, crossbows, swords, catapults whatever fuckin works for whatever level you are at. It would be cool if there was active challenges for extra loot and live events that people can fight for tons of loot. \n\nJust an idea tho."
lkz026,A game similar to Game Dev Tycoon,"A game similar to Game Dev, except instead of being a game development studio, you are a movie producer/TV show producer."
lkv1fs,Hacking PVP game.,"Kind of like hacking like hacknet.   \n\n\nYou start a 1v1 and you have to see who can hack each other first. fast-paced hacking PVP. see who is more knowledgable, and like hacknet, don't only use fake commands. like, use real ones sometimes like Nmap. modes, where you have to DDoS someone, or a game mode where all you have to do is, get their IP, easier. or maybe one to get remote access to their virtual pc"
lkuxsk,A world building game idea,[deleted]
lku337,Voice recognition mechanic ideas?,A mechanic like voice recognition in phantasmophobia.
lktmx0,What are some interesting game features that you’d thought of ?,[deleted]
lksboc,Kind of a realistic police simulator,"This game idea centers around you being a rookie cop going through training and heading up till you retire or are killed in the line of duty it'll go through years because a game would be to long if it was till you retire you could create a character but you would have to choose from a preset names list. This will take place in NYC but you'll be in one area at a time because you will be transferred or will have to request a transfer to a different precinct around the city. Now onto the rank of your character you will rank up based on how good of a cop you are this will require missing time with family and friends you can also be a crooked cop or just a all around bad cop this could get you fired from the force depending on what you do. You can also be killed in the line of duty or get injured you will be issued a vest but if you are shot in the vest your vision will blur and you will become slower until you recover in a short amount of time if you are shot in a place that is not armored you will have to be treated by a medic and or depending on how bad the wound is have to leave the fire fight as soon as possible. Will also be able to choose between being a swat officer And a normal officer but this depends on if you can pass a special test that you can retry at certain poitns. There will be armory that you can pick weapons up from but they are only what police can actually issued. The arrest system is basic you get a certain amount of cuffs you can use to arrest but you can only take two the rest will be dealt with by separate officers, you can take a bribe from them for you to let them go although this will get you closer to being fired. To keep this post shorter ill update as I come up with thoughts and ideas for this game but this is just most of the stuff i thought of."
lks9hr,Godzilla game (update 1),"So far I have made progress on my idea of a Godzilla game for the mechanics on it.It will involve a weapon wheel and certain combos for certain moves but not too complex combos just simple enough for the player to get a hang of it.The weapon wheel would involve atomic breath,claws,tail attacks,and a small nuclear pulse wave attack,a power meter or as I would a call it your atomic power meter would fill up over time and when you reach two bars you can fire super charged atomic breath,and at three bars you would shoot atomic spikes,and at four bars you would a special smash attack,and at five bars you would fire off a charged nuclear blast.still working on the mechanics let me know what you think!"
lkr06c,Wizardly Magic System for VR,"Disclaimer: this system of virtual reality mechanics is intended to be implemented with a physical full-body player controller such as [this](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/physics/hexabody-vr-player-controller-185521), and assumes a medieval fantasy setting wherein scholarly witches and wizards cast spells from a personal spellbook by performing wand gestures or utilizing scrolls. Given controls for this system are based on the Valve Index controllers, but support for other controllers could be added by remapping where necessary. Given *storage socket* locations and wand gesture shapes are based on right-handed dominance, but could be horizontally mirrored for left-handed players.\n\n# SPELLBOOK\n\n""Every witch and wizard owns a personal spellbook filled with all the spells they've collected or discovered through years of study and practice.""\n\n* Holding / Storing: mechanically, the spellbook will involve a dynamic book controller. In particular, [this asset](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/modeling/megabook-17826) may be optimal. While not in use, the spellbook can be stored in a *socket* represented by a [special holster](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1008/4418/products/IMG_7189_1024x1024.JPG?v=1590347655) tied to the left side of the player's waist belt. When equipped and held within 6"" of the *socket*, the book will play a closing animation. When equipped and moved outside of that 6"" radius, the book will play an opening animation, turning to the spell that was open before the book was last closed, or the first spell by default. The book can be dropped or thrown, but will play the closing animation immediately upon leaving the player's grasp.\n* Reading: the spellbook is divided into pairs of pages. For each pair of written pages, the left side will include a spell name and short description, while the right side will include a drawing of the wand gesture shape required to ""prime"" the spell, a spell type indicator icon, and the mana cost of the spell. To flip to the next spell, the player can use their free hand or wand tip to tap on the right-hand page. To flip to the previous spell, the player can use their free hand or wand tip to tap on the left-hand page. Tapping on the left-hand page of the first written spell does nothing. Tapping on the right-hand page of the last written spell will flip to a blank page that can be filled with a newly discovered spell.\n* Writing: right-hand blank pages of the spellbook will contain a feather quill icon. When a feather quill icon page is tapped by the player's free hand, a feather quill will materialize into that hand. The quill is *sticky* in that it cannot be thrown or dropped. Squeezing the grip input or pressing the trigger input of the quill-equipped hand controller will dematerialize the quill and free the player's hand. When the tip of the quill is tapped on the surface of a loose/torn spellbook page (possibly found as loot scattered around the game map), the spell that was tapped will be copied into the player's spellbook on the blank page that is currently open, followed by the automatic dematerialization of the quill. Even if a spell (wand gesture shape) were to be memorized by the player in an older game, they would not be able to cast it in a newer game until it was copied into their spellbook -- i.e. wand gestures are not recognized until the associated spell has been collected.\n\n# WAND\n\n""A wizard's wand is his closest ally; a tool to focus the innate magical energy swirling around and within him.""\n\n* Holding / Storing: while not in use, the wand can be stored in a *socket* represented by [another special holster](https://ravenswoodleather.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/6U5A7238.jpg) tied to a harness on the left side of the player's chest, sitting above the spellbook holster. The wand can be dropped or thrown like most other wieldable items.\n* Casting: in order to cast a spell from their spellbook, the player must first ""prime"" the spell by (1) equipping their wand, (2) pressing and holding the trigger input of the wand-equipped hand controller, (3) drawing the wand gesture shape in the air, and (4) releasing the trigger input. If the gesture was performed accurately, the wand-equipped hand controller will quickly vibrate to indicate that the spell has been primed -- or if controller battery life is a concern, maybe there could be an alternative visual indication, such as the tip of the wand emitting a soft glow. Once a spell has been primed, the player is given one full second to cast the spell before it is no longer primed. To cast a primed spell, the player must tap the trigger input of the wand-equipped hand controller at the end of a wrist flick or jabbing motion. In other words, the spell must be ""thrown,"" and will not cast if the player attempts to emulate standard gunfire mechanics (point and click). If the player really needs to cancel a primed spell before the one second time limit, they can do so by simply tapping the trigger input of the wand-equipped hand controller without moving it quickly beforehand. Once a spell is cast, the spell's mana cost is subtracted from the player's ""mana"" -- a blue-colored resource bar that acts similarly to Dark Souls' stamina bar; it decreases when used, but is constantly recovered at a slow rate. If the player's mana pool is not sufficient enough to cast a spell, sparks will emit from the tip of the wand, indicating the cast was a dud.\n* Blasting: sometimes there just isn't enough time to prime a spell. In scenarios like this, the player may tap the trigger input of the (un-primed) wand-equipped hand controller at the end of a wrist flick or jabbing motion to launch a small orb of raw arcane energy towards a target. These arcane orbs will only impact living creatures, dealing minimal damage -- the lowest damage output of any spell -- and potentially distracting/stunning them for a (very) short time. On collision with any physical or magical barrier, the orbs will dissipate. This basic ranged spell attack still has a low mana cost, preventing players from spamming at like a pistol with infinite ammo. Just like with primed spells, attempting to ""blast"" a target without sufficient mana will result in sparks emitting from the tip of the wand, indicating the player needs to retreat for a few seconds.\n* Deflecting: if the player happens to be fighting a wand-wielding enemy, they can deflect incoming ""blast"" projectiles by physically whacking them out of the air with their wand as if playing baseball or tennis. Other non-""blast"" spells (and also ""blast"" projectiles) can be blocked by utilizing a standard shield spell included in every spellbook. This shield spell is special compared to others in the spellbook because it is automatically cast once the wand gesture is recognized. Mechanically, the shield spell wand gesture shape is a single straight line at any angle. Once cast, an invisible circular shield will form using the drawn line as its diameter, allowing the caster to determine its general location and size based on the detail of their gesture. The disc will dissipate on hostile magic collision, or remain intact for one full second before dissipating on its own.\n* Dueling Arcs: if the player and a wand-wielding enemy cast non-""blast"" spells at each other within the same second, their wands will be connected by [two arcs of opposing magical forces](https://youtu.be/vpFIj_8daVU?t=193). At this point, both casters must rapidly tap the trigger input of their wand-equipped hand controller to push their arcs towards one another. While the arcs still exist, it is possible to hold the wand with both hands, and when doing so the player will gain the ability to rapidly tap both input triggers, potentially doubling the speed of their tapping and increasing their chances of winning the duel. In the case of an NPC, these rapid taps would obviously be simulated. During this magical tug-of-rope, mana pool replenishment is paused for both casters. At some point, one of the casters will slip up, letting the other overcome them. The losing duelist will have their mana pool completely drained in addition to being struck by the winner's spell. The winning duelist will suffer no setbacks. As soon as the arcs dissipate, the mana pool replenishment of both casters will restart. Additionally, it is possible to break and dissipate the arcs without winning or losing a duel by moving the wand-equipped hand(s) such that the connection between the wands is severed by a physical object or entity. When this happens, the object or entity breaking the arc will incur moderate damage, potentially destroying or killing it (shattering a wooden crate, burning some poor bystander to a crisp, etc). Be wary, for even though it is possible to use equipped items to break the connection, those items will be damaged. Using the spellbook will destroy all collected (not initially included) spell pages, using a spell scroll will incinerate it beyond repair, and so on.\n\n# SCROLLS\n\n""In a split second decision, the witch grabs a scroll tucked under her belt and absorbs the power she stored within it the night before. The energy flows into her wand as the parchment falls apart between her fingers.""\n\n* Holding / Storing: While not in use, a total of three scrolls can be stored in *sockets* represented by scrolls peeking out of an open pouch tied to the right side of the player's waist belt. Initially, one rolled-up scroll can be seen peeking out the top of the pouch, but when three written scrolls have been stored, four scrolls can be seen peeking. The first, farthest righthand scroll will always be blank -- this is the *socket* that stores all of the blank scrolls the player has accumulated. As a consumable resource, blank scrolls (or parchment, whatever you want to call it) must be looted or purchased; whatever that entails within the context of the game. When the player uses a free hand to hover over one of the three written scroll *sockets*, assuming it is populated, a GUI icon will display above the player's hand indicating which spell is written onto that scroll. Blank scrolls and written scrolls can be dropped or thrown like most other wieldable items. Blank scrolls cannot be stored in any of the three written scroll *sockets*, and written scrolls cannot be stored in an empty blank scroll *socket*. Attempting to place a scroll into an invalid scroll *socket* will automatically store it in the next valid, available scroll *socket*. If there are no *sockets* available, the scroll will simply drop to the floor on grip input release. \n* Preparing: to prepare a scroll, the player must first use a free hand to equip a blank scroll, and then place/release it onto a flat upward-facing surface such as a floor, table, or countertop. When placed on such a surface, the scroll will play an unrolling animation to reveal a feather quill icon -- the same icon written onto blank spellbook pages. When the feather quill icon is tapped by the player's free hand, a feather quill will materialize into that hand. The quill is *sticky* in that it cannot be thrown or dropped. Squeezing the grip input or pressing the trigger input of the quill-equipped hand controller will dematerialize the quill and free the player's hand. When the tip of the quill is tapped on the surface of a written spellbook page, the spell on that page will be copied onto the blank scroll, the scroll will play a rolling animation to complete its transformation into a written scroll, and the quill will automatically dematerialize. At this point, the player can equip the written scroll and store it in one of the three written scroll *sockets*.\n* Using: to use a written scroll, the player must (1) equip their wand, (2) equip the written scroll with their free hand, and (3) double-tap the trigger input of the scroll-equipped hand controller. Upon double-tapping, the scroll will fall apart and the wand will automatically be primed with the spell for two full seconds. At this point, casting the spell is the same as if it was already primed through gesturing. If the spell is not cast within two seconds, the player just wasted that scroll. Note: scroll utilization does not cost any mana, but the caveat is that scrolls need to be prepared in advance. It's possible to prepare a scroll in the heat of battle, but it would arguably take longer than casting the spell via gesture. Perhaps if the player was out of mana, they could take cover and prepare a scroll while waiting for their mana to refill."
lkqh3r,Question about this subreddit.,"When it means flair beginner, intermediate, and experienced. does it mean how experienced I am? or how experienced you need to be to make my idea?"
lkq6yo,World Wide Racing,"Essentially an open world racing game that tracks damage similar to BeamNG or Wreckfest (not necessarily as detailed visually on the car, but retain a similar HUD interface that tells you if your major car components are damaged or destroyed).  \n\nPlayers can walk/run around outside of vehicles for the purpose of switching cars.  Only unoccupied vehicles can be driven.  \n\nAll vehicles have a gas tank, the size and fuel consumption of which would be built around car specs, terrain, speeds, etc.  Gas usage can become an important component during some longer races.\n\nI envision, however lofty, an open world environment encompassing an entire continent, such as the US.  This could possibly be expanded on later on with additional DLC that gives you other continents.  The Crew 2 does a fantastic job at creating a condensed version of the US to drive coast to coast.\n\nPlayers in the ""world server"" that they are on can create a game mode with other players.  Some game modes could be ""Survive the Hunt"" (credit to FailRace), ""Infection"" (or Tag basically), ""Canonball Run (a coast to coast race that requires several stops for fueling and repairs (possibly add other tasks?))."
lkq2w4,VR Chopping fish as they jump upstream,"You’d be a samurai in a river above a little waterfall as bears like to stand. There would be peaceful music and your surroundings would be calm and forest. And then the music changes when you press the start button to fast rock music as tons of fish, [asian carp style ](https://youtu.be/rPeg1tbBt0A), start attacking you. You have a sword and a feature to slow down time like deadeye from RD2."
lkopn3,"Ideas on how to add longevity to a ""waves of enemies"" type of game?","Hi! I want to make a 2d shooter game where the whole gameplay is inside an arena and you have to defeat waves of enemies, and every, let's say, ten rounds a boss. Inside the arena, there would be some platform to avoid enemies.\n\nTo add replayability I was thinking about making different types of guns, maybe multiple playable characters with different stats, and the platform placed randomly inside the arena. \n\nBut my ideas are limited. Do you have any advice on something that would be fun to implement? Maybe something that could add a side-objective other than ""I want to survive as many rounds as possible""?\n\nThank you all in advance!"
lknhtb,The ultimate game: your own inner Matrix-like fantasy world,"Could we create alternate personalities to run our lives?  My idea is this: Imagine a hypothetical brain modification that allows us to create an alternate personality that would take over and handle things for us when we want it to.  This personality could go to work for you, go grocery shopping, exercise, attend social events that you don’t want to go to, or anything else. Meanwhile, your conscious mind is off in a Matrix-like dream world that you can create just by imagining it. This world would feel completely real. The people, objects, and scenery would be mental constructs in your own inner world, and they would all be exactly what you want.  You can return to the real world anytime you wish, or you can tell your alternate personality to disengage and give you back control at a given time.  Essentially, this alternate personality would be the neurological equivalent of a computer program. It would have access to all the information stored in your brain, and could carry out your daily activities with the same level of proficiency as you.   \n\n\nThis idea is a hodgepodge of various movies: The Matrix, Psycho, Total Recall, and Click.  Let’s say that you wake up one morning and decide that you don’t want to go to work.  You tell your alternate personality to “take care of today”, and you’re immediately on your fantasy island. Spend the day on the beach with your “perfect” romantic partner, sip margarita, have fun in the hot tub with your partner, eat whatever food you want (which would all have 0 calories), go dancing at night, and when the day is over, wake up and return to reality. Your fantasy world is whatever you want. You could be a war hero, an adventurer, a king or queen, the captain of a starship, or whatever you want."
lkljsa,FPS with changing gun.,"I'm sure we've all played a fun FPS and said ""I wanna be a sniper! Shooting people from long range and doing quick kills!"" but the game just doesn't give you any actual snipers, and the ones it does give you have low zooms and are semi-automatic. \n\nThis idea is essentially a fix to that. You're givensome sort of special gun, wihch essentially gets a number of points that you can spec into increasing certain aspects. You can put points into a silencer, points into damage, recoil, fire rate, reload, whatever. You change it at your base, and it can go as a default of any of a number of weapon types. Snipers take less points for accuracy or damage, but more for fire rate and reload. Machine guns take less for fire rate or damage, but more for accuracy or reload speed, etc. \nThoughts?"
lkkl6q,President Mortal Kombat,There should be a game like mortal kombat but with all the past presidents and there special move has to do with a controversy or scandal they were involved in.
lkk045,I need some cool/funny ideas for skins!,"Hello people, recently I've been developing a mobile game which the player should tap on the screen to fly up or down and avoid flying knives. Right now I'm working on the shop and I have no ideas for skins to the player. Please, any idea is welcome, thanks!\n\nHere's the link for the image: [https://imgur.com/a/Do7KmKU](https://imgur.com/a/Do7KmKU)"
lkhu28,Shoot'em up ... simulator?,"Hi all!  \n\n\nI got this crazy idea about a different take of the shoot'em up genre.\n\nThis is mostly the oldest of the game genres (ok... perhaps not THE oldest but still quite old :p ) and latest implementation of the genre, aside graphics, didn't change anything in terms of gameplay.\n\nI love the genre but I also love 80s-technology and also simulator, so I thought: why not adding everything together and create a shoot'em up simulator?  \n\n\nSo how would it works?\n\n1. Topdown graphics, scrolling up\n2. The base gameplay would still be something very simple: move around and shoot things until they explode\n3. Provides a number of ships systems the player can fiddle and calibrate and balance during gameplay\n   1. Scanner, shield recharge, ship speed, missiles, rockets...\n4. Ships is upgradable in all the various systems. Between missions you can upgrade your weapons and internal systems\n5. Everything with a touch of military tech graphics and music\n6. A number of enemies that will challenge the player in multiple ways: some will be visible to scanner while other only to some other sensors\n7. Necessity to lock on enemies and firing homing missiles: accurate but low firepower"
lkaji2,Want some feedback on this simulation/slow idle mobile game Idea I have.,"So I've recently thought about my favorite book trilogy and believe that I finnaly found an Idea to gamify the core concept of it.\n\n# Short summary\n\nThis post went way bigger than I wanted it to be, so here is a short summary\n\n* it's an management idle game with a focus on real life time\n* it's based on the idea of multiple persons sharing the exact thoughts\n* currencies are: People, Money and Chips\n* Persons have various attributes and can do different tasks\n* there are special persons with unique attributes\n* goal is to grow as fast as possible \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n# General theme\n\nOk, so the theme is based around an being called ""Kohärenz"" which is basically an connection of People via an BCI (Brain Computer Interface, that is actually something that is [worked on right now](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/05/elon-musks-neuralink-bold-ideas-hurdles.html) by multiple companies). But instead of connecting themself to machines to remote controll them, they connected one brain directly from on to another. At first this does nothing, but after a while you get a thought that is not yours, but from the other person instead. Over time this is going to be more intense and you start not only sharing your thoughts but also the feelings. You can feel when the other person walks, you can taste what the other person eats and so on.\n\nThe interisting question is: If two people think the exact same, share a brain if you want to call it so, are they then really two persons, or one person in two bodies?\n\nI probably talked to much about the theme behind it now, but I just love the book so much. Ok, here is how I plan the actual game to work. As I said it's going to be an simulation of the given scenerio while also gamifying it as an idle game. You are going to play as the Kohärenz, so I'm going to refear it as ""you"" from now on\n\n# Currencies:\n\nMoney: \n\n* used for\n   * making chips\n   * buying food for parts of you\n\nChips:\n\n*  used to get more people into you.\n   * taking someone into you requires : 1 Chip and 2 Persons for 4 hours. The person needs one week to be completely a part of you and can then instantly used.\n* can be handcrafted by 1 part of you, requiring X Money and Y time.\n   * can also be made in factories, more under advanced mechanics\n\nPeople: \n\n* Human Parts of you\n   * the requirements for their survival (can be done automaticaly on a schedule):\n      * food (requires X Money and 30 mins| two times per day)\n      * sleep (requires 6 hours per day)\n   * each one has/had different attributes. \n      * everything knowledge realatet (fight techniques, codes, langauges etc) can also be used by every other part of you\n      * everything person related (Job, past crimes etc) are bound to that person\n   * can do various tasks (more under gameplay)\n\n# Gameplay\n\nGoal: Grow as fast as possible while being undiscovered\n\nManagement:\n\n* main focus of the game\n* The food/sleep shedule of each person can either be assigned individually or in a group\n* tasks a person can do include:\n   * applying for a job in a bank (bank employes are stealing money and are your main money source. The more parts of you are in a bank, the less likely it is to get caught)\n   * taking more persons into you\n      * Persons can be selected from a list that can be searched for specific attributes (like public importance, langauges, past crimes, job etc)\n      * Persons can only become a part of you if they are at home (based on real life time, work times are randomly generated within a certain range)\n      * the more important the person is, the harder it is to let them become a part of you (example: politicians have a tighter time frame, require more people and time and needs to be prepared in advance (more under advanced mechanics)\n\nGame over: running out of money or humans\n\n# Events\n\n* can randomly happen or be connected to a task a person did\n* Events require you to take one out of the given options\n* come per push notification, if you don't respond within one week the worst case scenario happen\n\nExample event:\n\n* bank employe got caught for stealing money\n   * option 1: quit the job (money punishement and less money income, person can no longer apply for higher jobs)\n   * option 2: take him into you (1 chip + 5 people + 4 hours)\n   * option 3: get rid of him (can only be chosen if you have a special person like a police chef, bank owner etc)\n\n# Advanced mechanics\n\nFactories:\n\n* can be build for a high X ammount of Money and high  Y ammount of time\n* produce automatically 100 chips per hour\n* continuously money cost\n* requires to assign X people as security (security people can't be used for something else)\n* malfunction event can happen\n\npreparing take over in advance\n\n* used for high priority targets\n* preperation could include: \n   * timeplan\n   * persons assigned to it\n   * failure chance (including consequences)\n   * specific actions or requirements for special targets (like needing someone in range of the target (security cheff for a politician for example))\n\nexpanding:\n\n* Not exactly sure how to do it, but I plan to let you expand into different countries \n* expanding would alow you to get\n   * more targets \n   * more special targets\n   * more potential money income\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI know that this is a lot, but I'm just a hobby programmer an would really appreciate some feedback on this concept :)"
lk8l9j,Ideas for a game that can take advantage of being made as a self-contained gadget,"Basically, what if those mini arcades had unique control methods, original games, and a design that can only work in this form. Go nuts with this.make it so you could twist 2 halves of a device to control the character or the stage, or a ware-like (a game based on warioware) game crossed with bop it, or something crazy like that. Go nuts, if you're good with electronics make a proof of concept, I want something INSANE."
lk83nt,Body part splitting on death,"I'm imagining this in a dungeon crawler for example.\n\nYou come down the mouldy flight of stairs, encounter your first enemy, and unceremoniously die. But instead of a game over, your upper and lower body split.\n\nYou can partially move and attack with your upper body (dragging yourself, slashing with a sword), and move and partially attack with you lower body (running, kicking). Each body part could perhaps even get its own turn.\n\nEach time your parts split they would have less health, but you could get more actions out of each.\n\nSend your hand into.a stealthy mission to another room to fetch an item, while your foot and other hand carry your brain and eyes escaping from an enemy. Some items could probably bring body parts back together as well. \n\nHands activate, grab, and slowly move, arms power hands up.\n\nFeet move and can do some limited actions the hand can do, and are powered up by legs.\n\nThe loss of the brain is the game over, protect it.\n\nAbdomen/stomach to consume various items.\n\nConnecting the torso to arms/legs powers them up even more.\n\nHaving an eye somewhere lets you see the surroundings, but eyeless appendages must feel their way through.\n\nConnecting the head to the torso also gives the head a boost in some way.\n\nHaving a skull/ribs can give those important parts a sort of shield or extra health.\n\nBlood meter where all body parts must connect back to the heart or other source of blood to keep it alive.\n\n\nOf course these are just some of my ideas in how this mechanic could be implemented, but feel free to comment any of your ideas as well."
lk7wfv,My idea for a zombie game,"Let's start by getting some things out of the way. I'm not here to ask for money or resources, and I'm not here to pitch an idea to an indie dev in the hopes that this game can become reality eventually. I'm here because I think that this could be an interesting game idea, and I want to make it. But before I do so, I want some other people to bounce ideas off of.\n\nSo, I'm currently playing They Are Billions. For anyone who doesn't know what that is, it's a zombie survival RTS. There are 2 game modes: survival, where you play in the typical RTS style and try to survive a set number of days, and campaign, where you travel a map doing missions. Campaign mode has 2 main mission types: one where you follow the RTS gameplay loop of building to collect more resources and collecting more resources to build (which in and of itself has several goal types, including taking over infected cities, having a certain amount of colonists, and surviving a number of waves), and the hero missions, where a hero you choose at the start of the campaign delves into dungeons to collect artifacts or save survivors. This is the part that I want to focus on.\n\nSee, I was playing one of these missions and I had a thought: ""This would be a lot more fun if it were like Borderlands."" Changing these missions into a looter-shooter style would probably be the single biggest improvement to the game that anyone could make.\n\nI don't know how possible it is to mod that into the already existing engine, but I'm guessing not very considering that the devs didn't do this to begin with. The idea for this game is that there is an absolutely enormous procedurally generated map, with several sites that allow you to go and change from an RTS game in much the same vein as the Survival mode of They Are Billions, into more of a first-person looter-shooter that plays a lot more like Borderlands. While in the main map, you progressively grow your colony, collecting resources to enable yourself to collect more resources and survive the zombie horde. While in the dungeons, you take control of a single character, running throughout them in first person, trying to complete the mission you went in there to do and get out before the horde kills you.\n\nThoughts on the idea? On more specific things I could add to tell the story of the game world? Of things for the game world, or ideas for an art style? They Are Billions is steampunk, so I don't want to just copy and paste that. Maybe modern, or perhaps futuristic?"
lk6ltd,They are Billions + Borderlands,"Recently I've been playing through the campaign mode of They are Billions, a steampunk style RTS where your opponent is a horde of zombies and your goal is to survive. The campaign mode switches between 2 gameplay styles. One where you build up units and gather resources in the typical RTS gameplay pattern, and the other where you take the role of an explorer delving into a dungeon to collect items for the colony. In both versions, you use the same RTS control scheme.\n\nAnd I just got the idea while playing through one of the missions, ""What if this was a looter-shooter?""\n\nIn this game, missions would alternate between building and defending a city from a horde of zombies in the same style as survival TaB, but with much less of a time investment as you would be going only for a few days at a time, on an enormous map and with a single, continuously growing city; and dungeon missions, where you would take control of a single character and play in a first-person looter-shooter style, with the end goal of these missions being to collect schematics or free and escape with survivors of otherwise improve the colony. The schematics would give your main city access to more technology. And perhaps for city missions, there could be ones every now and again where you build a separate colony that's nearby to a resource that the colony wants to collect."
lk2azi,A game where you play as a ninja looking for revenge (MGR Inspired gameplay),"The game revolves around a nameless ninja in a modern city as he goes on his mission for revenge against the leader of (insert company name here). \n\nMGR inspired game play, easy to learn hard to master mindset. Around 15 hours long."
lk23gu,A game about going through historic battles and other adventures with a special magnifying glass,"**Story:**\n\nYou are visiting the old mansion of your dead father, who was an old adventurer/archeologist, and you find the old trophy room of his, filled with many showcases. In these showcases you see many models and sculptures of battles, old temples and more adventurous things.\n\nAt the end of the room, there is an old and locked wooden door which you can't seem to open. The only thing you find, is a mysterious magnifying glass.\n\nAs soon as you look at one of the showcases with that magnifying glass, your body seems to get drawn into it and you find yourself in an huge naval battle.\n\n**Gameplay**\n\nThe gameplay would be about living these scenes, as if you were a part of them. You could play different characters and also different sides, all depending on what you are looking with the magnifying glass. You could be the captain of one of the ships of the mentioned naval battle above. You could be one of the native people, defending an old temple of yours, that you don't want to get robbed.\n\nIt would be a mix between an action adventure, filled with shooter and roleplay elements and also very story driven. The player could get as creative as they want.\n\nThe main quest of yours is finding a way to open the locked wooden door, the levels are filled with hints and items you can take with you, when you leave.\n\n**Conclusion**\n\nThe whole idea got into my head on one sleepless night and I thought it might sound like something original.\n\nMaking everything of this real, would probably be impossible with all the different ways I describe above, but I hope that I can give someone an idea.\n\nThank you for reading and sorry if my english was bad at some points."
lk099q,"Gamer/streamer ""simulator""","The core loop is: you get money by streaming, when you stream, you play a warioware-like series of mini games 30 seconds to a minute and a half each. (at first only playing 3 per stream) You get donations while playing the games. Doing well in the games gets you more donations.you have bills to pay after Every 30 days.each day is 2 streams. If you can't afford the bills by the deadline, you get game over. You can also spend money on upgrades, including furniture (increases frequency of donations), new mini games (which let you get higher donations), new TV's (let you play more games per stream) and staff that can help you get more publicity (the most expensive​ upgrades, gets you more donations AND higher donations, as well as an increased chance of you getting new mini games). The longer you survive, the more expensive the monthly bills get. Survive enough days and you unlock bigger mini games, like a 4 stage retro platformer, an arcade shoot em up Similar to gradius, and a short racing game with 3 unique racetracks (this can be added in at a later date).unlock all the stream mini games and you unlock endless stream, where you have to play the stream mini games until you get game over in 3."
ljzuau,Mega man/highlander inspired battle royale,"A battle Royale, but each player starts with a unique power, of which there are as many as there are players in any given game (say, 50)\nKilling a player gives you any powers they have at that time, and you fight until there is only one.\nPowers can be powerful weapons (where the ammo works like in mega Man and powers up the one you currently have selected), or a passive skill, like regenerating health, more defense, or make it so when you take damage you hurt the attacker as well.\nThere are also reserve weapons as well, but none are as powerful as the best powers."
ljyw80,You're in a group call but some people can't hear each other,"The basic idea is that you're Discord voice chat with a group of people but unfortunately, some have muted each other and some have partially muted themselves (not everyone can hear them). No one has the information of who can hear who - you gotta figure that out by talking to each other.\n\nI thought of some specific implementations which seem fun:\n\n**Figure out the communication network**\n\nOne person is assigned as the ""IT person"" who is here to fix this mess of a call. But first, they need to figure out exactly who can hear who. And they'll need some information relayed to them because they (probably) can't hear everyone else. The IT person will draw a graph of persons/connections and submit this ""IT ticket"" when they're done. Objective is to submit a correct IT ticket as fast as possible.\n\n**Task chaos**\n\nKinda like Spaceteam, where people are constantly shouting instructions at other people to complete their individual tasks. Or it could be like a whisper down the lane/telephone style where one person is given a riddle and another person has the answer.\n\n**Hidden Eavesdropper**\n\nEveryone is given a unique secret key. One person is assigned as the eavesdropper, who can drop in and out of conversations of any connected group of people. Everyone else is a ""secretkeeper"". The eavesdropper needs to collect all of the secret keys, and secretkeepers only need maybe about half of the secret keys. (The eavesdropper does have the information about who can hear who from the start.)\n\nAdditional elements?\n\n* bi-directional connections only, or also allow one-way connections\n* change the network of connections periodically during a round\n* add talking bots for additional persons"
ljxbeb,"insanely big fantasy simulator, maybe vr","you know how in video games you always play as the hero, or the king, or a guard at the kings castle, etc. etc. etc.. I have an idea (that i would have to make myself bc it would be massive) for an rpg where people ACTUALLY roleplay. someone would play as the farmer, supplying grain to bakers and meat to butchers, who are played by real people. someone would be the blacksmith making swords for the king and his guards, who are played by people. and ALL of them would be completely able to go on an adventure and kill gannon or something. i would make this myself, but im an amateur developer who doesn't have the skills to do this. so my question isn't for someone to make this for me, but rather if i should spend 69420 years making it myself. like if this is a good idea for a game or if people would just break it or if that could just be accomplished in minecraft etc."
ljx37n,Turn based strategy game with a necromancer,"You'd be something like the last of the necromancers and for some reason, your goal would be to expand/evolve your skills. In order to do so, you'd seek out the tombs of dead necromancers and use your skills to speak with their corpse, so that they give you their knowledge of some skill. \n\nBut to get there you'd have to fight, and that would happen like in the X-Com games : you move, get into combat mode, and when that happens, you can use your mana points to cast spells, including raising units (zombies, specters, skeletons etc...) to fight for you and also some other skills like buffs, damage over time skills and stuff like that.\n\nGetting new skills should be as much a challenge as fighting so maybe there would be some traps to get to the tomb, or you'd have to chose the right dialogues to gain the trust of the revived necromancer and acquire his knowledge.\n\nAnd of course there'd be some epic story explaining why you have to save the world (or doom idk, you're a necromancer, you could be the bad guy), and why only a necromancer can do it (and since you're the last one you gotta do it)."
ljsumg,Ideas for a Tower Defense Mechanics,"Hello everyone!  \n\n\nMe and some friends are trying to make a tower defense game which is inspired by Bloons (and those Roblox TD gamemodes) building system.  \n\n\nWe are currently planning on how our game should look like and what special mechanics we want to have, but we are all not creative and need some inspiration from some non involved persons.  \n\n\nI hope some of you may have some cool ideas for us (preferably mechanics and not towers, but those are appreciated too! :) )  \n\n\nI wish you all a great day!"
ljssaf,"I need help coming up with a game idea, around a certain theme.","Ello'. I have just joined a game jam with the theme of ""Stronger Together."" I am drawing a complete blank. Does anyone have any ideas for a game that could fit this theme? It needs to be very small and I need to be able to make it in 6 days."
ljslov,Interesting mechanics?,"I am a game developer that wants to build a game around a unique mechanic, anyone have a list?"
ljozmn,A game about finding missing objects,"Your job is to find objects in different places. The game doesn't have to be a specific genre and could have many different stories and variations. Some possibilities:\n\n- You are a detective who is specialized in finding hidden evidence. You get more difficult cases as you progress.\n\n- You work for a company that searches for missing objects. You start with simple tasks at small houses and you end up looking for small objects at mansions, castles, etc.\n\n- You are a metro worker, and you are assigned to the lost property department. This could have additional mechanics such as spotting thiefs on CCTV and chasing them down before they escape."
ljninb,I'm looking to build a zen-like (bird?) garden micromanagement/tamagotchi-like game,"I'm a professional developer and game engineering teacher, but for me it's hard to think of ideas outside of simple puzzle/arcadey type games. I'd love to make something a bit more involved and zen. I've always had a weak spot for Stardew Valley type games (inspiration from this would be very welcome!) as well as Factorio type games. Though I don't want to make (another) clone of either one. I'm a big fan of birds and so is my artist -there's a few cockatiels and budgies flying around my workspace as we speak- so something revolving around tropical birds would be amazing! It's difficult to find a main game loop without thinking of something akin to Viva Pinata. I would love to hear any and all ideas!\n\nIf you mention something that'll be put in the game, we'll obviously gladly put you in the credits :D!"
ljndcb,A battle Royale but....,"(My english is realy horrible so I hope you can still get my idea)\n\nIf you kill someone, he can manipulate the environment around you. \nThe more people you kill, the more dangerous the effects get.\nIf you are dead and the only person who got killed by the guy who killed you can make it rain around the guy who killed you so enemies can see him better.\nIf somebody killed five people they can make nearby trees fall down on him.\n\nI think this would be best with the mechanik from the game ""death coming"" from NExT Studios.\n\nIt also shouldn't be in first Person and more like a top down shooter."
ljfasq,pls recommend: where we can learn bout history of any countries 1800-2021,(no earlier than this period)\n\ntype: any\n\non computer\n\nnothing that is history of a very short time\n\nhistory of a long time\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\npls recommend: where we can learn bout history of any countries 1800-2021
ljcpdn,"Only One Clip, fps where you can't reload","Set in 2046, you play as M9, an operator working for Modulas, a private counter-terrorist agency. \nAfter Assassinating a big shot CEO tipped off to be a bug for EEVEE(a terrorist superpower), EEVEE behind the scenes acquired access to the World Network(a large system similar to CTOS from Watch Dogs) and rigged everything in their favour.\nAfter a botched extraction you head into hiding and wait for reassignment.\nAfter a week you receive the new assignment, Eliminate all EEVEE agents possible and take the world network back from EEVEE. Only problem, EEVEE have hacked all the weapons available to where they will not accept new magazines, you can only use the preloaded one's.\n\nGood idea?"
ljbu1l,Ideas for a food-themed RPG?,"we have some basic premises down but nothing too major, a food-themed open world RPG with players as shrunken down chefs that explore a big kitchen\n\nEnemies are mostly/all food items but could also be silverware or other kitchen items\n\nAny ideas welcome"
ljac5q,Everfall,"Everfall is my concept game with the name representing its two different endings.\n\nAn ancient demon has returned to the world and is regaining strength! As the hero, a shapeshifter, you must defeat the demon before it regains enough power to wipe out the universe.\n\nRealistic physics such as climate sickness will force you to change clothes, as in the deserts you can die of exposure and in glaciers you can die of hypothermia.\n\nAs a shapeshifter, you have the ability to fly, transform into different objects and animals, use your body parts as weapons and morph into walls so as to slither between the gaps.\n\nBut act swiftly, hero, for time is of the essence or time is at an end. The fate of the universe lies in your hands."
lja5zj,"a game based on the robot things from the movie ""batteries not included"" they would be populated by a colony of alien ants each ""ship"" would be a single colony and work on a collective conscious hence why they act the way they do",
lj99mr,"Fps game but you can't reload, Only One Clip","This idea is of a game that is fast-paced and arcade like. You play as 'M9', an operator working for 'Modulas', a private counter-terrorist agency in the year 2046.\nAfter Assassinating a big-shot CEO rumoured to be linked to EEVEE(a terrorist superpower), they acquire access to the world-network(A large system that encrypts user access, stores military info, and manages city infrastructure, its like CToS from Watch Dogs). You are reassigned to take the network back from EEVEE and eliminate all of their agents you come across. Catch is they rewire each weapon to where it can't be reloaded(except by EEVEE agents), so you'll have to make use of what you can get your hands on. I am developing this and suggestions are appreciated :)"
lj97sv,Isometric pixelart RPG platformer,"Yep, that's pretty much it.  A platformer with an isometric view of a little adventurer dude that runs through different stages like dungeons mountains and the sky.  It would also be cool if there was an inventory system like Terraria and a level navigation system like the SNES Super Mario World. and the player could use different things to build their way over obstacles with fighting mechanics and weapons like the ice and fire rods from LOZALTTP.  If someone makes this I will buy them a cookie."
lj702j,Looking for people,"Hi guys, I'm hely head of the Subsector 086 community.\n\nOur community is splitted into 3 divisions and our newly formed studio leaded by PixelAz is in need of personel. \n\nWe're currently looking for various roles to develop an HL2 mod   if you want to know more you could join this discord server [here](https://discord.gg/R8j88aVd) and talk with him about it.\n\nI'm gonna leave you a brief description he wrote about it:\n\n The idea came from the moment I learned that Half Lfie 2 is set in the Balkan Peninsula and that City 17 is set in Serbia; So I thought of creating a parallel story to that of Gordon Freeman, in which he will impersonate a sort of scavenger of Serbian origin named **Dragan Khalavić**, where he will join the resistance of Freeman and fight the aliens Combine, for the purpose of stealing technologies. aliens, to sell them on the black market and increase the prosperity of his comrades. The name of this project is **Just a Crazy one** (abbreviated to JACO), a very unusual name, but I don't want to tell you anything for now, as I would spoil the surprise."
lj4ek0,"Street action-adventure openworld (kinda like GTA) set in Christchurch, New Zealand","I rekkon there should be a game where you are playing as self made mute character in the 16-20age range (just left high school) in the city of Christchurch, New zealand.  The thing with Christchurch is we had a few big earthquakes around 2010 - 2012 n we never fully recovered from them.  We are getting better now but has taken so long n we not even a big city with heaps of stuff.  We are still a decent city for NZ, we also have the most urban street culture in my opinion, we have lots of good raves here n just a good culture, message me to learn more about that.  A lot of people consider us like the england of new zealand, n we also have suburbs in christchurch which people consider the florida/miami of new zealand.  And it really is true, its like a small comical bundy (crappy/poor/swaggy) version of the places.  Honestly we have a real funny culture, n everyone here is funny asf so it would give a great comedy spin to the game that truust me the WHOLE world will learn to love.  Trust me everyone in New Zealand would buy this game, and if its good i can imagine it getting heaaaps of sales around the world.  Especially in england and america, probably most of europe.  \n\nMake it like a GTA but for christchurch and your just a youngin thats got out of High School.  I have waaaay more info on this game i could give you thatd make it great, so really if theres anyone out there that can actually make a good open world game, n you reckon this sounds cool.  HMU!!!!  I also reckon you should set it 2013 to 15 more crews were active around then\n\nLike i said i could give you way more info: characters, scenes, even classic storylines etc...  Im a very creative guy n i am from the youth street culture here so i know alot. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nHeres like a broad example of the style most of the more basic of the groups n that have here especially ones reppn gangs n crews n that.  These were the ricc/riccarton mall bloods.  They were a big crew around for a while. theyd say were defendin ricc mall in a way, which is the biggest mall in chch [https://resources.stuff.co.nz/content/dam/images/1/e/n/5/3/n/image.related.StuffLandscapeSixteenByNine.1240x700.1en356.png/1475872385025.jpg?format=pjpg&amp;optimize=medium](https://resources.stuff.co.nz/content/dam/images/1/e/n/5/3/n/image.related.StuffLandscapeSixteenByNine.1240x700.1en356.png/1475872385025.jpg?format=pjpg&amp;optimize=medium)\n\nTrus me tho you might see that picture n think its dumb, its just the quick one i could find on a random news ([stuff.co.nz](https://stuff.co.nz)) article.  But honestly we have such a funny n interesting culture here n greaaat characters you could really make something great here, like something waaay better story n all that wise, Its a great map to explore too.  Lots of little places that everyone in the scene for yeeeaars knows, just iconic places where heaps of stuff has happened, just like any city really.  But this is not a massive city either, but now small too.  Big enough to fit heaps in but still make it sizeable and decent with the outer suburbs fitted in too.  Would be so cool HMU!!"
lj3wn4,Need ideas for grappling hook game (3D),I made a neat grappling hook that you can swing around with which wraps around edges and affects physical objects but I don’t really know where to go from here... Any ideas?
lj2j6n,Need ideas for 3D Sidescroller,"Hello all. After some months of developing the combat gameplay for my game, I have come to a dead end. I don't have any ideas where to go from here in terms of mechanics and story. I have some ideas in terms of character design and I have someone who is working on creating them. I will leave a YouTube link with the combat design so far. It is inspired from Dark Souls and I want it to be a core mechanic in my game. I need some help to figure out where to go from here.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nHere is the link to the video: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrNhpKlZJXI&amp;ab\_channel=VladDragan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrNhpKlZJXI&amp;ab_channel=VladDragan) \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI would love to hear your feedback and some suggestions. Thanks :)"
lj02r3,How to choose which game idea to go with?,"Hi all,\n\nWe're developing this free Steam data platform called [Video Game Insights](https://vginsights.com/) and I recently wrote an article on **how to use data to help choose between different game ideas**.\n\nI now accidentally stumbled on this sub-reddit and thought this might be really relevant here!\n\n[https://vginsights.com/insights/article/how-to-choose-which-game-to-develop-a-step-by-step-guide](https://vginsights.com/insights/article/how-to-choose-which-game-to-develop-a-step-by-step-guide)\n\nThe principle of using data to make your choice isn't that you should disregard what you want to make. It's more that it's helping you to make a choice when and if you're torn between several good ideas.\n\nUltimately, the decision should come down to supply and demand of the idea you're planning to make. There's little chance that another standard 2D platformer will be massively popular, for example.\n\nI appreciate this is not a concrete idea, but feels super relevant to the community of this subreddit. We're literally doing it as a hobby to help indie devs. :)"
lizjah,Can someone add to my base idea to help me grow the game idea from a scratch to a good game idea ??,"So you have a player which is a cat. And now it is on a mission. His mother is dead who protected him and fed him and father was taken as a pet (maybe dead but not in the game can add a cutscene for both) . Now it has to survive in the big city alone. Now comes the addition part whee i am not able to think off the main purpose after surviving the city. \nMaybe to avenge the killers of his mother and finding his father, idk ..... \n\nBut I had some vague idea like it should have mechanics vaguely similer to untitled goose game but not to annoy people but to survive in city, hope you get my point.\n\nTess pretty much it. I will also add if I get some ideas further, and please you do as well."
lixiam,A Mario style 5 - 1 3rd person shooter,1 player has the gun and he vs the other 5 players who have Mario odessy style movement with a deep deep skill ceiling. The 5 players have to finish 3 objectives within a 5 min time limit. The other player has to kill the other players. A player has 2 hits when they get shot the first time there sheilds goes down and they get increased movement speed. The shooter has good movement options aswell but more limited. When a player dies they get control of certain moving platforms and gagdits in the environment.
liw35h,Ideas for a game with simple art.,"Looking for ideas for a mobile game that could be made with simple art. I am a decent programmer, but my art skills are kinda lacking. So hoping maybe I could get some ideas that could do with simple art.  \n\n\nAnd yes I know you could make a game with objectively bad art and still be good too. But I don't know, I like my games to look nice too. Figured if it has like very simple objects, or basic shaped and particle effects and stuff it could look nice without needing great art skills."
liteww,Looking for developing partner,"Hey guys, this is my first ever reddit post! I was just wondering if anyone would be interested to teaming up to create a 2d game? \n\nI would like to make some as catchy as possible but while also make it as simple as possible. For example, like floppy bird. I'm open to any offers and ideas. I would just like to know what position/role you would want to take on. I would like to do most of the programming and would really prefer someone who wants to do the design/modeling and texturing. Lmk if anyone's interested"
lirnck,Escaping latinoamérica: the game,"The game is similar to Don't Starve. You are in a set post apocalyptic-esque world (based off latinoamérica, but it's not supposed to be a huge map) and you have to survive (some areas are more wild, others in destroyed city scapes) hunting for food and defending yourselves.\n\nI imagine it being a small multiplayer game. 5 players per game. Probably Lan or user generated servers.\n\nThe game lasts like an hour or two, before either the whole of latinoamérica gets destroyed (maybe Europe decided Latinoamérica and its people is way too big of a threat?). (As someone from Argentina I imagine Europe wants to destroy it because they think Peronism is way too much of a threat haha, but it could be anything!) So the objective is to get out before that.\n\nYou can try to build boats, air balloons, stuff like that.\nSome NPC may try to take those down.\n\nThe main mechanic tho, is that although all the players can all survive together, individualism (or dividing into smaller teams) and stealing from others is the better strategy (and thus encouraged).\nAs in: it's easier to get food for one and to build a small boat than to do all that for five persons.\n\nThe ones that get away from latinoamérica win, leaving the rest of the group in game over.\n\nOf course, the players can try to win with teamwork!... Or to sabotage the team at the last moment for the sweet taste of winning!\n\n\nJust thought it would be quite fun. I think the idea has room for improvement but I also like it as it is... So, what do you guys think?"
lirf7h,MMO forest management/fire fighting simulation set in Big Dumb Open World™,"There are a couple major firefighting games, most of which focus on limited squads and structure fires. I would love to see this sort of a concept expanded to the suppression of wildfires (by way of helicopter, firetruck, on-foot firefighters, etc), but also wildfire prevention through controlled burns, firebreaks and the like, to first aid and rescue for injured and trapped firefighters.\n\nI think to make this sort of a concept really feel alive, a local and constantly evolving weather system is essential. Snow or rain here dampens the spread of flame, wind there pushes the fire in such-and-such a direction. Long periods of pleasant, sunny weather make an area more likely to catch flame in the event of a lightning strike, etc. Could go so far as to implement fire tornadoes and similar extreme weather if such-and-such conditions are met."
lrqnbt,Limited ammunition question,"I've started making a Ninja Platformer where the player can jump off walls to scale the level. The main attack is by throwing a shuriken. I also want players to use the shurikens to hit triggers that for example enable a platform for x amount of seconds. Because they will be a core tool in completing levels should this mean I should have unlimited ammo? I am kinda against this because it means the player could just easily outrange most enemies, but at the same time if the player runs  out of shurikens he couldn't complete a level. Any ideas on how to balance it?"
lrkqqd,Form about rhythm games (&lt; 3 mins),"Hey! I'm planning to develop a rhythm game as a university project, but first I decided that I ask around for tips and ideas, and opinions about other games as well. You would help a LOT by just filling my form below! :) (takes less than 3 minutes)\n\n[https://forms.gle/YdJHmxWzcuYKTxuG8](https://forms.gle/YdJHmxWzcuYKTxuG8)"
lrj2rq,Damage Control: Real-time FTL style combat with a focus on repair management and survival,"First Person Format/FTL style combat\n\nYou are the captain of the damage control team aboard a small battlecruiser amidst an interstellar war. There are 10 souls aboard this vessel. Your job is to keep the systems running, keep the ship flying, even if you're the only one left.\n\nGameplay is split into two states:\n\nBattle Stations:\n-Ship has engaged enemy. Damage control team monitors damage received with the Damage radar and repairs. \n-Battles are timer based. A battle will take an amount of time (5min for example). As damage is taken, the time is extended. Causing critical damage to enemies or repairing damaged systems causes time to decrease. The aim is to make battles as short as possible to limit the amount of damage your ship takes.\n-Player Ship will destroy the enemy ship if it can survive until the timer reaches 0:00. \n-If the ship reaches 0% health, it explodes. Game over.\n-After battle, ship commander will approach you to ask whether they should land on a station or planet for repairs\n\nRepair and Resupply:\n-Ship lands on planet or station. Damage control team scouts to look for supplies or missing replacement parts. Repairs to Catastrophic Damage can be done.\n-Planet: Catastrophic Hull Breach can be repaired. Replacement Parts can be crafted with refined minerals. Catastrophic System Damage cannot be repaired. Salvage can be gathered to barter in stations\n-Station: Catastrophic System Damage can be repaired. Replacement Parts can be bought. Salvage can be sold and traded\n-After Repair and resupply, next jump into battle can be taken.\n\nKey Systems:\n-Navigation\n-Engine Control\n-Weapons\n-Defense\n-Life Support\n-Damage Radar\n\nDamage Control Team:\nPlayer starts as team captain. There are four additional team members. AI controlled. They'll constantly repair damage inside the ship the ship even without player control, but will not willingly space walk without command. Player can also delegate repairs via the Damage Radar system. Potential here for the damage control team to be real players via online multiplayer.\n\nThree types of damage: Hull Breach, System Damage, and Part Replacement. If damage goes unserviced, Catastrophic damage will result\n\nHull Breach Damage: \n -Supply Line Rupture: a fuel line, o2 line, or general pipe or cable has ruptured due to enemy fire. Space walk to patch hull\n -Vacuum Creep: a hole in the hull is causing air to leak from the ship. Bulkheads have sealed to protect the crew. Space walk to patch hull from outside. Once done, bulkhead will release and breach must be patched from inside as well. \n\nSystem Damage:\n -A ship system is damaged and must be repaired to resume function\n\nPart Replacement:\n -A key part of a ship system requires periodic replacement before failure. Replace with a spare from the ship inventory.\n\nCatastrophic Damage:\n\n -Catastrophic Hull Breach: A hull breach was not repaired before being damaged again and a large rupture has formed. Area is locked off by bulkhead seals. Must be repaired on a planet.\n -Catastrophic System Damage: A system was not repaired before being damaged again and it is permanently damaged. Must be repaired at a station. \n -Catastrophic System Event: A part was not replaced and failed. Possible events: Reactor Meltdown, Hostile Life Support, Navigation Blackout. All systems are shut down until Events are resolved.\n\nCrew Members: \nThe ships has a crew member responsible for each system as well as a ship commander. When in Battle Stations, the crew has a chance to die if a system is taking damage. If a crew member dies, a member of the Damage Control team takes their place. As the game progresses, the damage control team gets smaller and smaller until it is only the player. If the ship commander dies, a crew member takes their place. If there are no available crew members, the player becomes the ship commander and gameplay switches gears\n\nShip Commander: \nAs the Ship Commander, the player must control the ship systems.\n\nNavigation:\n-aggressive tack: more regular attack damage on enemy less chance for critical attack damage. More damage to player's ship\n-defensive tack: less regular attack damage on enemy. Greater chance for critical attack damage. Less damage to player's ship\n\nEngine Control:\n-Run Hot: faster ship, harder for enemy to hit. Less damage to player's ship. Causes part wear leading to Part Replacement damage\n-Run Cold: Slower ship, easier to hit. More damage to player's ship. Better chance for critical attack damage\n\nWeapons:\n-Manual Reloading: requires travel to weapon systems room to load weapons. Guaranteed Critical attack damage.\n\nDefense:\n-Shield Overload: requires travel to defense systems room. Ship is completely invulnerable to enemy attacks during current Battle Stations state. Catastrophic System Damage to Defense and Engine Control\n\nAs Ship Commander, player is still responsible for damage control."
lrhwej,Reverse city builder: protect the forest and destroy developing cities with hordes of animals,"You are a spirit in charge of protecting the forest as a city develops near your borders. As the city expands, they start destroying parts of the forest for materials. Protect your forest and destroy the city by sending out invading units of snakes, deer, bears, birds, and more. Unlock new units by retaking and growing their habitats. Evolve current units by simulating natural selection through invading, and then breeding the survivors. Use owls and other spy units to keep an eye on the city, watching as their technology evolves and searching for weakness."
lrhllk,A Project For All Of The Beginner GameDev’s Out There,[deleted]
lrg9e5,Game like Pokemon Platinums underground mode?,"Would anyone want to play a game like Pokemon Platinums underground mode? You'd go mining, have base wars and grow gems by burying them. Personally Generation IV is my favorite, along with III.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI may attempt this when I understand game development a bit more."
lrepwx,Maneater,"A real-time stealth tactics game where you play as a tiger with a taste for human flesh.\n\nThe opening cinematic scene would be some human hunters killing your mate. You then seek revenge by killing and eating humans.\n\nLevels would be quite large, something on the scale of Shadow Tactics' larger levels. They would include both village and overgrown vegetation terrains with lots areas to move through and hide. There would be non-hunter human villagers that you need to capture as well as hunters who will shoot you if they find you. As you proceed through levels, your notoriety increases which draws more hunters and more experienced hunters.\n\nIf a non-hunter sees you, they will run and get a hunter who will investigate. You leave tracks as you walk that eventually disappear. If a hunter sees the tracks, they will follow them. Some terrains don't leave tracks and if you move onto that terrain, the hunter will lose the trail. You can kill hunters but they are much harder to kill and you risk being shot before you can attack.\n\nThe goal of each level would be to kill any non-hunter villager and drag their corpse to the stage exit. Dragging slows you down and leaves a large trail that will take longer to disappear. You can drop a corpse to get away if needed, but if other humans find the dropped corpse they will remove it for burial and you will have to find and kill a new target.\n\nI think this game would be a lot of fun to play but I think it would be difficult to be balanced. It seems like it would be either really easy to kill and take away a villager or impossibly difficult."
lrep5r,Simulation L.I.F.E.,"The definitive life simulation: you're literally the brain of a living being, taking decisions for him. You decide whether you need to eat right now or search for water, if you need to fight, flight or freeze. You will be able to control a single decision making branch at a time, but all the others processes need to be automated and executed in parallel. The branching neural processes need to be programmed, with a simplified and diegetic coding system. For example: 'when you follow many times a specific sequence of actions it's memorized and becomes a function, mirroring the reinforcement of the neurons' I already have ideas about how to manage and utilize the functions, and how inputs and outputs would be met.\n\nFirst level may be guiding an animal, then a human, a futuristic AI and so on."
lrd8vv,Suicide King: a gwent-like trading card game that uses normal playing cards that is easy to understand and get into,"so i just came up a game like this when i woke up. it's a two-player trading card that without the trading part: it uses the good' ol 54-piece playing cards, aces to kings four suits, and two jokers. i call this game **""Suicide King""** because i like the nickname for King of Hearts.\n\ni always feeling the entry barrier of tcg tend to be very steep, you have to learn all the weird mechanics, collecting different cards, often cost you real money in order to play decently. so in this game, no grinding is needed, the mechanic is so easy to learn that even I, someone who barely played any card games can explain to you in a single reddit post.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nthe objective of Suicide King is this:\n\n* to win more rounds than your opponent (like gwent)\n* one game is divided in 3 rounds, whoever wins 2 rounds, wins the game (like gwent)\n* whoever have higher points after the round ends, wins the round (again, like gwent)\n* your point is the sum of all number cards on your part of the field \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nthe playing field looks like this:[https://imgur.com/a/zzQMF4H](https://imgur.com/a/zzQMF4H)\n\n* there are two rows that you can place your number cards on (remember gwent?)\n   * on the right is the deck, there is a number showing how many cards left (start from 26)\n   * on the left, you can place special cards for special effects (more  on that later)\n   * each row houses 5 cards, plus a special card, a total of 11 cards can be played for each player\n* a big yield button because sometimes you just dont feel like it\n* an end round button to end your round\n* click the deck to draw a card\n* a point counter between your rows (i forgot to add)\n* maybe a history window of some kind idk\n* a win-lose marker like gwent would be helpful\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nthis is what the cards do:\n\n* number cards:A - 10\n   * you can place them on both of your rows (except A), the sum of their numbers are your points, front and rear doesnt affect the point. \n      * (eg, you have a 5 in the front, a 3 in the rear, you have 8 points)\n* special cards: A, J, Q, K, Jokers. They stay on the special card slot to the end of the round, until the player replaces them.\n   * Aces are both number and special cards. can also be played on your opponent's row.\n      * you can play an Ace on the row, by doing so you can choose its point. it could be 10 or 1 (as in blackjack). choose 10, the card shows 10A, it's a 10-value card. choose 1, turn into 1A, has value of 1, and making neighbouring cards suit the same as the Ace's.\n      * or place it in the special field, double the value of the cards of the same suit. (ie. double the points of all spade cards if you play an Ace of spade. turning a 10 of spades into 20 of spades)\n   * Jacks are warriors, they can either defend your field or occupy the enemy special card slot. they work differently depending on the colour.\n      * when playing on your special card slot, a J can protect cars from Attacks. (as in hearthstone)\n      * you can also play it on your opponent's special card slot to occupy it, they have to attack it to remove the card from the slot, so they can use it later. if the slot is occupied, remove the card and occupy the slot.\n      * a Red jack can take 2 attacks from a black card, but 1 attack from a red card.\n   * Queens are magicians, they have special actions depending on their suits.\n      * these actions are available right after playing the card, and later each move.\n      * Diamonds: select a suit, add the number of cards of the suit in your field as value to your point. (including Queen of Diamonds itself and the Jack in the opponent's special card slot)\n      * Clubs: swap cards depending on the target. if targeting a card on the field, you can swap a card on your field and your opponent's. vice versa. or when targeting a card in your hand, swap it to a random card from your opponent's hand. (cannot targeting special card slot)\n      * Hearts: shuffle cards in on of the hands or rows. the total of cards stay the same, but the cards could be different.\n      * Spades automatically draws a card whenever you played a card on the field. if there is no cards left in your deck, sacrifice a random card on the field and conjuring a new card in your hand (passive)\n   * Kings are schemers, their effects are only activated when a round is ending.\n      * Kings are invisible in the slot, your opponent wont know you played it. but can be revealed by Jacks and King of Hearts.\n      * you can play a king within the same move. (ie before and after playing another card)\n      * diamonds: all cards on 4 rows are annihilating each other, the difference is randomly send to each player. ie, if your opponent has 7 cards on the field, you have 2, all cards get in to a fight, and 5 cards left, randomly distributed among players. if it's an odd number, you have one more cards than your opponent, in this case, you get 3 cards, your opponent gets 2)\n      * clubs: (i dont have an idea yet)\n      * hearts: remove cards from the field place them into your hand, also makes you lose the round. (suicide king, winning by losing)\n      * spades: all number cards that got destroyed in the round are played accordingly in the field in the next round. (including aces)\n      * if both players has a King in the slot, whoever plays the King first activate before another one.\n   * Jokers are ultimate chaos maker. unlike irl playing card, in Suicide King, Jokers come in two colours: red and black.\n      * when red Joker is played, randomise all cards on the field and conceal their numbers and suits. only colour is visible (reveals kings). you can also see the colour of cards in your opponent's hand. attacking your opponent's card with your red car, your card have 50% survive the attack. at the end of the round, reveal all numbers and suits.\n      * when black Joker is played, ditto with red Joker. but instead of making red card stronger, when you attack a black card, there is a 50% chance that rob the black card to your field (which ever is available, if none, to your hand) with half the value. 2 will turn into A1, odd number will be (+1)/2, aka a 9 becomes 5.\n      * if A, J, Q, K are revealed on the rows, they are treated as 10, 11, 12 and 13. \n      * Jokers cannot be replaced or attacked, not even Jacks.\n\ngame mechanics:\n\n* game: a game is played in 3 rounds, whoever wins 2, wins the game.\n   * if a player have no cards on their field, their hand or the deck, they automatically loses the game.\n* round: a round is ended when both players ends their round, the points will be tallied and determined the winner of the round.\n* resolving a draw: if both plays' point is equal, whoever has more cards on the field wins the round.\n   * if both has an equal number amount of cards, the winner is determined by the order of the special card on their slot. Joker&gt;Ace&gt;K&gt;Q&gt;J\n      * if no special card is present, a winner is determined by the biggest number and suit combination of their cards in the row. ie 10 of spades vs 9 of hearts, 10 wins.\n* point: the sum of all number cards' value in your rows. with other modifiers.\n* value: the number on a number card. it can be modified by other cards, making a card that doesnt exist in real life. aka a 20 of spades. A is can be 1 or 10, as in blackjack.\n* ending the round: the player can click the button to end their round. the player needs to perform at least one action to end their round.\n* move: within a round, players will perform an action one after another, normally only one action per move.\n* action: playing a card on the field, attacking a card, draw a card from the deck, or spells from the Queen card\n* field: 4 rows of number cards and 2 special card slots\n* rows: 2 rows of slots, divided into front and rear. number cards can be played on the rows, each row houses 5 cards. whenever there is a card in the front row, all cards in the rear row is Protected.\n* special card slot: A, J, Q, K, Jokers can be played on the slot. the card stays in the slot until the end of the round, or replaced by player. special card cannot be attacked, only Jacks and King of Hearts can remove them.\n* deck: a standard playing card deck with 52 cards and 2 jokers. at the beginning of the game, all cards are shuffled and divided into 2 decks of 26 cards for each player.\n* draw(action): the action of retrieving a card from your deck to your hand.\n* hand: cards that available to play on the field for each players, at the beginning of the game 7 cards are drawn for each players.\n* graveyard: the concept of spent cards doesnt not exist in this game.\n* attack: the player can use a number card to attack an Unprotected number card on the opponent's rows. the process destroys BOTH cards (with exceptions) (just like hearthstone, but no health or attack value)\n* protect: a concept taken from hearthstone. cards in rear row is protected by ones in front row, whereas all cards is in turn protected by a Jack. the attacker cannot attack a protected card without destroying the card which protecting it.\n* destroyed cards: the result of number cards' mutual destruction\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nthat's all i have in mind, all numbers are very not final."
lr9okm,I am a mobile game developer and I'd love to hear your simple ideas for a casual/recreational game you'd love to play.,[deleted]
lr7zci,Ticking bomb mechanics,[https://imgur.com/a/iMijCpb](https://imgur.com/a/iMijCpb)  \n A game where you have to plant bombs and time them correctly in order to push a box through the obstacles and put it on the objective to pass the level.
lr7u5t,Stories from the past,"Hey,\n\nhad this idea for some time now.   \nEveryone knows, that the older generation is slowly dying, which means, all their stories die with them. so why not make a story driven game, where you can play through them, thus not only preserving the stories but also making them fun for the new generation so experience and learn from them (maybe).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nif you could make a good fundation, it could be very easy to add new stories to it that you could download with one click via a launcher or ingame.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\njust thought this might be nice, since like i said, the older generation isnt around that much longer and it would be nice to atleast preserve the stories they could tell"
lr3ov0,promised neverland game idea,[deleted]
lr2ldv,Game idea,I've been thinking about a survival game that is about the earth just freezing everything is frozen like the movie the day after tomorrow and I need suggestions on what the story will be about and how the game starts
lr23u4,New competitive MOBA,"So MOBAs are great and offer a lot of strategy. LoL is unappealing to many new gamers because of the top-down view that it doesn’t share with many top games. SMITE does better with this with the third person over the shoulder view. But the problem with both of these games is that they are simply too hard to watch/get into playing. \n\nMy suggestion would be a MOBA with minimal graphics resembling Fortnite/Valorant with the 3rd person view of smite. Couple this with dumbing down the buying systems to have much less clutter with items and reduce the amount of stats each player needs to keep track of. \n\nIn my view this would result in a game that is easy to understand and start playing, as well as being easy to watch and follow esports. Thoughts?\n\nEdit 1: Would like to add that having fewer characters in the game would help too. Like limiting it to maybe 25 and maybe it could expand to 50"
lr0wts,A battle royale food fight where players throw food at one another to win,This will take place in a pretty big school where the players can explore and find foods to use and defeat other players. The school would either have to be really big or just have fewer players in it per game. Different foods will have different projectiles. For instance a bag of chips would have projectiles like shurikens or burgers would have a slower but harder hitting projectile. Students can also had different attributes to their foods like hot sauce/spicy to make their projectiles have a burning effect. \n\nInstead of a circle that gets smaller it would be teachers and faculty (cpu) who will catch students and give them detention(tbd). I liked how warzone gave players a second chance of life with the gulag so in food fight students can do a mini game to slip out of detention to try again (tbd). If the player is eliminated again they will be expelled. \n\nLet me know what you think. It’s my first time really voicing any of my ideas.
lqu136,"A game where the player can’t walk, but can control physics and use momentum to get around.","So here’s how this would work. The player’s legs are either paralyzed or broken (TBD) and he/she are in a wheelchair. But the thing is, every (TBD), an explosive is dropped on them from the sky. The player could be able to control the bounciness and friction of everything in the world using the right and left joysticks (this could be a console game), which means they could slide and bounce around the map to evade explosions and other things. In their wheelchair."
lqtcx8,Five Nights at Freddy's Fangame plot.,"This fangame takes place before even Fredbear's Family Dinner. The player stumbles into a strange funhouse - They have a hazy memory how they got there, not being an employee there. It's unexplainably vast and everything is made of sickeningly bright plastic. Each section resembles different outside areas; A garden, a farm, a camp-sight and scrapyard. The individual sections have its own humanoid animatronic, that matches the stereotypical theme. Like the farm, of course, having a farmer animatronic.\n\nFor gameplay, the players enter a new section each night. It's not like the main series where the player waits in one location and utilise their resources to seal off multiple enemies. Instead in this fan game, the player needs to sneak around the single resident animatronic and escape. They need to observe the animatronic's routine and finds creative ways to sneak around without detection.\n\nThere is a suspicion meter that goes up the longer the player is in the animatronic's line of sight. Unlike other stealth games, where enemies' AI is comedically unrealistic, forgetting they spotted the player within seconds - The suspicion meter will never go down. The animatronic will remember where they saw the player and search these areas more frequently into the night.\n\nThroughout the game, two mysterious robots stalk the player from a distance, though never tries attacks them. Until the fifth night. The player stumbles into a new section with a countryside cottage filled with robotic parts. At the end of the night, the player is ambushed by the two mysterious robots, pushing a device into the player's head.\n\nThere, the player's vision suddenly changes and the plot twist is revealed. The player is an animatronic; programmed to falsely believe everything else is artificial. The two mysterious figures are William and Henry as young adults and this cottage is their home.\n\nThe player is Henry's grandmother, who he escaped his troubled household with. The best they could afford was a small cottage since the grandmother was retired and Henry was in college. In college, he met William, joining them as a roommate. The boys were so distracted tinkering with robotics for their future business, they failed to realise the house was unsafe for an elderly person. Until one day, the grandmother snagged her foot on a beta springlock laying on the floor -\n\n[She collapsed on top of Proxy, the promo-type of Henry's animatronic designs](https://www.reddit.com/r/technicalFNaF/comments/bvv0jv/new_animatronicin_the_game_files_toy_proxy/)\n\n('Based on 'Proxy the boll', a test model in Fnaf VR)\n\nThe grandmother's spirit possessed Proxy, which was how Henry and William discovered animatronics could be possessed. Fearing the potential consequences, the boys trapped Proxy in the cottage. Though she grew dangerously agitated, so Henry changed her programming, tricking her into thinking she was alive. However, it worked too well, making Proxy think she was the only living thing, breaking out of the cottage in fear. In reality, the gameplay was Proxy running through random locations, trying to avoid humans, including Henry and William in pursuit of her.\n\nThe sixth and seventh nights serves as an epilogue: In the canon pizzeria simulator, when William/Springtrap burnt with the last of his victims, it's assumed the last souls have been put to rest. However this fangame would show, that's one side of the story. There's still the tragic deaths that can be tied back to Henry's springlocks.\n\nSo when Henry going through his Fredbear antiques in his attic, after destroying Sprintrap - He wonders what he should do with it, since they're the last surviving relics. Unknown to Henry, three spirits still linger on the scattered pieces of animatronics. Sensing Henry remorseful for the first time in decades, the threes spirits manifest. First Proxy, but then Shadow Bonnie and Freddy, two employees who were crushed in the suits.\n\nSince the springlocks victims are adults, they're more calm compared to William's murder victims. The springlock ghosts are even capable of limited communication. Since Henry didn't directly murder them, they don't want to kill him to gain their peace. Instead, they demand that Henry burns his life-long creations, so they can never hurt anyone again.\n\nFor the gameplay of the sixth and seventh night, the player is now Henry. The difficulty is higher, due to the player adapting to having two enemies for the first time. On the seventh night, Shadow bonnies joins them as a third enemy. The player must sneak around a small woodland mansion and collect the Fredbear relics. While this is Henry's home, he has sneak around it, since the three spirits are making it as difficult as possible. While they won't kill him, they'll have their fun tormenting him. When a spirit jumpscares the player, they'll drag Henry back to the starting point.\n\nIn the final moment the seventh night, the player must set the pile of relics alight. The three spirits float up like embers, finding their peace."
lqsmuy,My Own Battle Royale Game,"I like battle royale games like Apex Legends and Spellbreak and decided to make my own battle royale game. The problem was that I couldn't think of one until I thought of my other favorite game genre. I call it ""RPG Royale"". Everybody can hold 3 primary items and 1 off-hand item at the same time (be aware that items can break!) This game has five different classes:\n\nKnight- Knights are good at both Damage and Defense. They use swords and shields.\n\nMage- Mages are ranged fighters. They use wands and books (Books give you damaging, protective, or supportive spells.)\n\nCleric- Clerics are useful on teams because they are healers. They use staffs to do some damage and healing items to do better healing.\n\nPirate- Pirates are all about damage. They use blades and damaging items (Guns, Bombs, Traps, etc.)\n\nHunter- Hunters are people who are sneaky but also give effects. They use bows and defensive items (Traps, Gear, etc.\n\nPlease give me other ideas for this game."
lqrut1,My idea,"What is bethesda made a mobile Battle Royale game were you spwan infont of a vault with you three teams when the game begins you have to loot and kill enemies like bloat flies, radrcoaches,mole rats and rarely deathcleaws. Once you geard up you'll probably run into enemies team better take cover ore you'll be blown to bits with laser gun and rifles  but out of nowhere you see a virtibird in the sky it's dropping something yah you and you teamates say but you have to still take cover from those enemies do you dash to the air drop loot that airdrop and you get battle armor chest plate and you tell your teammates you got the best weapon and you say a a a your teammates shut and tell us I got a danm miniguns you teamates cheer for you as you kill evey enemy but you dead you got sniped so it's up to your teamates in no your teamate died online more friend left so your teamate pulled out a pan!!! And when that sniper bullet bounced back and your teammate one it all... So would a moblie Battle Royale game be a good idea you tell me in the comments.."
lqqwcn,Mario maker 2.5D,I saw a post on r/switch about stickers in 3D world and I got an idea for the ability to put down pipes in odyssey like levels that lead to those 8 bit sections but they are player made (optional online mini game like balloon world but if switched on you just find them randomly)
lqpee5,Anyone here ever play rainbow six siege?,"It started off as counter terrorism game with a team of 5 operators. There’s a terrorist hunt game mode which is basically you and up to four other people against AI of different levels of difficulty and a pvp game mode of 5v5. Both game modes have three different objectives with the terrorist hunt version has both the attacking side and defending side of versions accessible. The three different objectives are secure area, defend/extract the hostage, and bomb mode. \n\nWell me and my friends like to play the game casually. Our issue is, the game has been more geared for the pro league and higher levels of play. We were discussing how cool it would be if someone had created a Gary’s siege, basically giving the player access to the non game breaking variations of each operator, and their load outs with the buff/nerfs related to whichever variation chosen, ever released as well as specialized playlist where you could choose the maps you wanted to play and any variation of the maps that were released on the test servers and the live server. You could play any of the special game modes that were released for the game on any map, aside from the kill confirmed one on specific maps as most maps are really easy to spawn camp.\n\nThe game has had several special limited time events with special versions of beloved maps. Sadly once they’re over you can no longer have access to those maps anymore.\n\nThe cosmetics in the game are nice but not really necessary.  I know this is a pipe dream but man it would be amazing to be able to play the game and have fun on what ever map I wanted to play on."
lqpb6u,The Corruption: Trapped with Demons,"**Horror Survival Game**\n\nYou are stacked up against 6 demons and you have to try to find a way out of the Hybrid Factory. This factory is 8 floors tall with 2 of them being underground and 6 being above ground. You need to try to find a key to the exit and also some tools to shut down an electric forcefield. \n\nThere are 6 demons that are after you and that want you dead and each of them have different traits that you have to work your way around.\n\nJosh Curtary: Josh can teleport onto any floor he wishes but its always in the same spots, he runs at the same speed as you so you can outsmart him easily. He can't hear well but he has good eyesight so he can see you from 20 feet away and start a chase.\n\nSage Alamari: Sage can teleport just like Josh but she always spawns 30 feet away from you and you get an indicator when she teleports to warn you, she is faster than you and she has terrible eyesight she can see you from 10 feet away but she can hear very well.\n\nShawn HP: Shawn is slower than you and he can place spike traps and if you hit one it decreases your health and alerts Shawn to you location. He can see you from 15 feet away from you but he has terrible hearing.\n\nCorey Klenton: Corey is faster than you, but he always lets you live if you survive 20 seconds in a chase with him, he can see you from 10 feet away. Corey has decent hearing so he can pinpoint the area that the noise was caused.\n\nTalah Curtary: Talah is faster than you but she will only spawn when the timer reaches 5 minutes. She can always see you when you're within line of sight. She will leave every 5 minutes for 1 minute. She can hear really well and she will start spirting down the halls toward the noise, so don't knock over something and try to enter a corridor.\n\nTyler Grantor: Tyler can throw blades at you but he moves insanely slow so he is easy to outrun but if he hits you with a blade he will track down your location for 2 minutes so stay in the same place for to long.\n\nThe Hybrid Factory is experiencing a blackout but the electric forcefield is on a back up generator. Even if its hard to see in the dark it makes the demons easier to see because you can see their red eyes glowing in the dark, you also have a flashlight but if you use it to much the demons will use the light from your flashlight to find you. There are some lights in the building that are all line up from each floor and when a demon gets near them all of them will flash red for a second to warn you someone is in that area but they could also be on a different floor but you never know if they are near either.\n\nIf you take to long you will start hallucinating, first it will just be cracks on the walls will start to form, next the walls will have blood running down them. After that the cracks will start glowing red, and after that fire will be everywhere but they don't hurt you. The more you hallucinate the more aggressive the demons become where they will start to jog or sprint down the halls to find you.\n\nThere are three different stages in how known you are in the factory.\n\nUndetected means the demons have no idea where you are.\n\nNoticed means the demons heard something an are now checking it out\n\nHunted means the demons are in pursuit and are after you so you better get running.\n\nWith each stage different music will play with Undetected being the most creepy but but also most calm. Noticed, the music speeds up a bit and along with the music you hear screams and snarling. Hunted would have music that is very fast-paced and meant to get your blood pumping and you can hear pounding behind you as you run for your life as the demons get closer the pounding will get faster as well.\n\nBtw I know this would take a lot of time to make, and it would be difficult. I got this game idea from watching gameplay of Saiko No Sutoka and I thought instead of going against a single person you are against demons from my book series considering at some point they all had bloodlust so I thought they would be perfect for it. I do understand though if no one wants to make something as big as this or if it isn't possible for only one person."
lqodx3,What would be your ideas for .io games?,
lqngh2,A game with a “reality” world and a “dream” world,"Here’s the idea. The player can travel between these two dimensions using a doctor strange-style portal. In reality, you interact with npc’s and accept quests, which require you to enter your own mind, in the dream world, and bring strange items from your head back into reality. The main threat will be a person who was able to find a way to enter other people’s dream worlds, and you have to fight his minions inside of your own head. If you die there, you will wake up in reality, with all of your items missing. There will be a huge plot twist where the player realises that the person behind all of this is his friend from childhood-who was injured in a severe accident while they were seperated-and grew jealous of his friend’s ability (the player). For the gameplay, reality will be like reality, but in the dream world, you can use strange mechanics to do things like fly, or run up walls, or turn invisible. The player has to unlock these things by “realizing” they can do it by finishing a certain amount of quests. Both worlds will be large, detailed open worlds that the player can explore freely."
lqm8yh,Monster game concept and idea,"So I have a very vivid imagination and I thought up this monster, has the gram of a lion kind of but it has four limbs in front and two in back, it has long hair in the front half that slowly changes to the like scarily armor of a pangolin before it hits the tail. It’s tail will be longer than itself and will be used in combat and as a shield because of its armor, it will be able to thin out its tail to make a larger area of protection, this could work if the bone structure of the tail was like a pangolins tail, and if you add the rib joints and ribs of a flying lizard towards the upper half of the tail. You will be agile and quick and leaping will be a big thing in the game. You will be able to scale walls and jump from them, even jump onto other walls making a chain of leaps. The environment will be a huge forest, like I mean trees the size of act scrapers and big enough to hold a family of people. You’re back legs will be muscular and shaped relatively similar to either a lemur or a pangolin, so that it can support the tail and everything, it’s body will be slim. I sound really dumb because I am horrible at explaining things but I would love to this come to life, would anyone maybe help me make it, if not then can someone teach me how to use unity so I could try making the model at least?"
lqm406,An RPG for people who don't like RPGs (very lengthy),"I don't like RPGs. It would seem like their purpose is creating an immersive experience to role play in, but they end up being filled with so many clunky stats and mechanics that I never get into it. They're also super grindy which sucks. This is my attempt to conjure up an RPG that I would enjoy.\n\nFirst Person game or close camera third person ie GTA, AC, GoW, etc.\n\nCharacter creator with starting classes. Game starts in media res in character class story, different backstory per different class. Backstory has nothing to do with main gameplay rather just starting lore that the player can role play with.\n\nSmall player inventory based on size rather than weight resident evil style. Few weapon slots on character. Rest of inventory is at a roaming base ie ship or car or horse or something.\n\nOnly stats for \n\nSpeech: higher level gives entirely different speech options in encounters leading to different outcomes\n\nStrength: increases stamina and inventory size slightly.\n\nAim: aiming a gun is floaty in early game. As game progresses, aiming gets sharper and sharper until it's 1:1 movement with the mouse, simulating your character getting better at using a weapon\n\nWeapons and items don't have levels and only practical attributes. A sword can be dull or sharp and that can affect damage or dismemberment. A sharp sword gets progressively duller. A fancier sword might be ""finely honed"" and therefore never lose its sharpness.\n\nWorks with guns too. Maybe a cleaning system. A clean gun operates correctly, a dirty gun jams and misfires. Cleaning it at a base or gunsmith restores it. A ""finely machined"" gun won't get dirty.\n\nGet rid of health bars over heads! Damage can be brutal. If you didn't parry in time, your arm can be chopped off vice versa the enemy. Guns are one hit kills all headshots. Gun caliber will affect how many center of mass shots it takes to down an enemy ie stopping power. Bigger calibers are also more likely to dismember. \n\nTo balance unforgiving combat, gameplay is focused on interaction with environment rather than combat. Think Outer Wilds (not Outer Worlds) type gameplay. A lot more reading lore and contextual puzzles than Fallout style shoot and loot. Players who lack the skill for combat can gain satisfaction out of avoiding it as often as they can. Players who pick up the knack can go for a run and gun approach.\n\nOpen world with resources to allow sandbox gameplay. Think Achievement Hunter's GTA V heists. Completely custom based around the vehicles they could find, the map, and the Police AI reactions. \n\nI don't think skill trees or levelling up are necessary. The main gameplay would be based on sandbox problem solving and character relationships rather than linear quest lines and fighting stronger enemies.\n\n________________\n\nI'm biased towards sci-fi so I imagine a Firefly type story. Captain of a ship, get jobs, keep flying. The rest of this is my personal pipe dream btw\n\nFlying the ship is like in Outer Wilds, seamless transition between ship and world. Flying should probably be on tracks more or less as if there's an interstellar highway to follow. That way the game world can be separated into smaller chunks that you can fly between without having to render whole planets.\n\nShip is small and claustrophobic like a submarine. Few crew members that control engine room, weapons, etc. As they die you have to hire new crew or pilot by yourself.\n\nIf your ship is damaged in combat, you have to get out and repair whether in spacewalk or on the ground.\n\nMoney and fuel would be main resources to trade with. However materials to repair could be scavenged or mined ie basic survival elements.\n\nPlayer can choose to do whatever they want with their ship. Smuggling, bounty hunting, piracy, freight. Maybe there's a military storyline. Maybe there's a storyline without a ship, or maybe you can abandon the ship altogether. The game doesn't need to end when the ship blows up, maybe on-the-ground quests or living a frontier lifestyle idk.\n\n_________________\n\nIf you haven't noticed by now, this is really just a collection of my favorite existing gaming mechanics. I've never seen them all together to create this RPGish experience. However if someone else has, let me know cuz I'd love to play it! \n\nI know this is an absurd amount of content especially for an indie creator, but I thought I'd just get it out of my head. This subreddit is just a repository for ideas and if any of what's above trickles into someone's thought process, that's cool enough."
lqjxhm,RPG spanning different times trough history,"If anyone has ever read the Clarke-Baxter novel Time's Eye, this game would be based on something similar. For some reason humans from many different time periods exist on the same world. Each time period is separated by the creators of the world by barriers nobody can cross. \n\nThe player is one of the few (or only one, still undecided on that point) of people who have the ability to actually cross the barriers, although from the start the player can only cross barriers close to their own native time, which would be very close to the beginning of civilization. Also at the start he can't bring any items from one time to the other, but as he levels up he can start bringing items across, gradually, which are close in time to that period, like he can perhaps bring a 12th century sword in to the 10th century, but nor a WW2 rifle. At very high levels (an possibly some story unlocks) any items could be brought over.\n\nPossible backstory would be that a certain group (aliens/future humans/ascended beings) wanted to see if humans would stop fighting each other, so they took historic enemies and put them in the enclosures where they would fight endlessly, all dead being revived the next morning, could feature just the army camps or limited supporting infrastructure like small settlements."
lqjlx9,Any old farts remember that cheesy board game from the 90's Crossfire?,"https://youtu.be/rCwn1NTK-50\n\nI think this commercial is burned somewhere in your brain if you grew up in the 90s.\n\nI had an idea for a top-down bullet hellish roguelite that's physics based.  \n\nso basically instead of finding a sword that's +3 damage, you might find a longer sword (though it would swing a bit slower), or a shield that is shaped like a bowl so you can store up projectiles from enemies and fling them back at them, or you might find a pinball flipper.\n\nLeft click and right click activate whatever is in your left and right hand respectively. So you could have two pinball flippers to use the previous example.  Swords or stick like weapons with swing. Shields would be brought from the side to the front of your character while holding the mouse button.\n\nAnd of course you could find projectile weapons yourself to live that crossfire game experience. though I would think I would tour around with balancing it around absorbing or capturing projectiles from the enemy or otherwise having limited ammo.\n\nPower ups or upgrades could modify the shapes that you found like giving them bounciness so your Shields could deflect projectiles with extra momentum back at the enemy, or stickiness so you could glue things to your weapons for a moment. \n\nI'm not sure if you would die by taking damage or getting pushed into hazards by enough projectiles or enemies.  but either way or both could work depending on how you balanced the game."
lqhyt2,Nueral network dogfight,"You and a nueral network each control a ship in a simple 2d top down map. You both have the same ship, the same stats, and the same guns. Once you kill the nueral networks ship (which should be super easy at first), you get a point and the stage resets. Over time, the network will learn how to control and shoot the ship more effectively, and become harder to defeat. Once you are killed, the game is over, and your score is how many times you killed the AI before it killed you. Getting a really high score might involve really interesting strategies about intentionally teaching the AI bad strategies, before exploiting them in later levels. The number of times you kill the AI will be your final score, which will be put on a global leaderboard."
lqbxqu,Pick 2,Hey all! thought experiment here for you: \n\nIf you could take 2 unique mechanics/ features from 2 games and mix them which ones would you pick and why? \n\nMy picks are to take the portal gun and the first person parkour of mirrors edge.\n\nWhy? \nGiving a character with such high mobility a portal gun would allow for some insane parkour puzzles and mind bending level design!
lqbm7d,ON THE WAY *Concept*,"PITCH\n\nOn the way is a tactical first person shooter/vr shooter where you and your friends must take control of accurate Tanks and artillery pieces, fighting through historical battles ranging from world war 1 to the iraq war. On The Way requires team work as each member takes up a single role as a part of a tank crew, just like real life . (Driver, Gunner, Loader, commander etc.) Each role will have its own challenges and its own advantages equated with them.\n\nEssentially the game would be like DCS with tanks, having varying degrees of difficulty, spanning dozens of Tanks, each with unique designs and histories. It would have a pvp mode, a pve mode, and a stories mode, taking players through different important tank battles throughout history. Im not sure how accessible i would want it, either for a casual croud or a hardcore milsim croud."
lqa1dv,UNDERSCORE: Escape the 'Situation',"This is an idea I've been developing for some years. Though I haven't had the time to develop and really need to hire/find an artist and handcraft multiple immersive levels and voice actors for this to actually meet it's potential (its a little out of my solo-scope... tried several times).  \n\n*Looking for feedback &amp; collaboration mainly.*  \n\n\n**Gameplay:**\n\nPlayers find themselves in a seemingly open world. Throughout the setting, objects and npcs interact with the environment creating a chain of causalities leading up to an effect. The player must investigate the environment and find the correct causes that lead up to the effect.\n\nThe player is limited to seeing what happens around them only, and only at the time it happens. If a player misses something, they must restart the time and go view it again. To see two things happen on different sides of the world would take 2 playthroughs. Players can fast-forward to get back to a certain time, or just observe the setting.\n\n**Interlude (Tutorial Level):** \n\n""Welcome to 'UNDERSCORE', Agent.""  \n""Now, I know you don't know a lot about what we do here, but I'll try to fill you in as you go.""\n\n""Due to the terms set in your execution hearing, you've essentially signed up to spend what's left of your life - saving someone else's. Yes, that does mean I'm asking you to be a hero; so meet your C.A.P.E.""\n\n""*CEREBRAL APPARATUS of PARRALLAXAL EXPERIENCE.* You're in one right now. Everything you see and feel is a computer's representation of data we scraped from a single photon's memory within a single hour.""\n\n""We can talk about that later. In about thirty seconds the event you're here to stop will occur. Each time you fail to stop it, you will be redistributed exactly one hour before the event. You can fast-forward, or reset the hour, but you can not rewind.""\n\n""Stop the event than we will take the data you recorded and overwrite the photon's memory. Good luck, Agent. And again, welcome to 'UNDERSCORE'"".\n\n**Event Examples: (plan is to draw from actual historical events)**\n\nPreventing assassination of a speaker on stage.  \nPreventing the launch of a space shuttle.  \nPreventing someone from getting in line before another person to get a winning lottery ticket.  \nCausing a royal matrimony (February Holiday Expansion)  \n\n\nThanks for checking it out. I hope to make it one day, but would really enjoy playing it regardless if self-made."
lq80ym,sanrio game but its like fnaf world,"okay like hear me out, fnaf world but sanrio themed"
lq700r,Bathroom Wars,"You and probably someone you know brings their phone to the bathroom. Well why not play against them online, Super Smash Bros style while you do your business.\n\nYou load up the game, you choose your character, you're immediately dropped into a battle with bots while the game queues up a search for real players. Once real players are found the bots get switched out seamlessly. The player cap is 4 for now as mobile screens are too small to scale the camera out enough. Players fight each other, picking up randomly spawned weapons to build up the damage percentage to make you explode off screen.\n\nMaps could be procedurally generated since they are small. \n\nGame play variants include random bosses that can spawn, players instead work together to defeat the bosses. Random trash mobs could also spawn which would allow to help build up your specials.\n\nThe graphics have a anime / cell shaded stylistic look.\n\nThoughts?"
lq6wns,The Paradox: A mind breaking horror game,"You wake up in a bed in a room you've never been in before.  The floors are red and damp, and the walls are yellow. It's brightly lit and there is a large green cube on the floor. A recording plays over it telling you that you signed up for an experiment regarding the human mind. You also find a piece of paper telling you to not trust HourGlass, (the company that you ""signed up"" to do an experiment for). You also get some honey, bread, and water. This is the begining of The Paradox. A survival horror game. You wander through a maze of hallways always being watched by skull shaped cameras and finding strange notes hidden in walls or ripped up carpet or even the ceiling. Eventually you see a locked fire exit in the building. You keep walking and find a hub room. Here there's a record player, (you can find songs to play everywhere throughout the game), a bed, and some more food.  After the hub you go to floor 2. The walls are purple and the carpet is green here. There is an optional doorway before level three that leads to a large, changing maze. You are being slowly followed by a terrifying creature in the distance. It is very dark here but you must go in if you want to find every record or note. After leaving you move on to level three which is mostly filled with puzzles. Around floor 6 you come into contact with the Solomar, a large blue creature that is blind but has very good hearing and only attacks you when you make noise. There is also a crafting system in the game so you can make weapons to fight back. It's mostly straightforward until the final floor, the 17th floor. This floor is called Black rock tower and is much more rugged than the rest. At the final room you see a portal out, but before you get to it a demon made of an ash like substance appears and you have a boss fight with him. After getting through the portal and locking him on the other side, you must escape the HourGlass facility. Right as you get out the demon escapes and begins to destroy the building. You beat them one last time and send them back to the Paradox. This is a very rough explanation of what i have in mind so if you need more context then please tell me. I skimmed over basically the entire story too so if you want that, also just tell me."
lq6iel,Camp Paintball: A top-down shooter,It would basically be a shooter in a similar art style to The Escapists where you go up against a rival camp in paintball wars. I imagine there would be a campaign mode with DLC and a story and then an online mode.
lq1iaj,simple board game,"so there is a board game called carrier strike, i think it would be a cool little project to remake this as a 3d game, i tried it myself but my procrastination did not help"
lq13gx,The 2nd Greatest 4th Wall Break Ever (story element).,"Okay, so what if during periodic moments in an action game, you have to fight your ""rival"" as they grow increasingly stronger.\n\nIn the very end, you face them as a post-game extra boss where they gained godly powers. However, during the intro when the theme music plays with all of its violins and pianos, the rival stops time with a record scratch sound and talks to the 4th wall expressing their dissatisfaction with their theme and requests something ""Upbeat and uplifting"" and when they start hearing it they approve, get back into position, and the battle starts.\n\nAny thoughts?"
lq0lho,Ideas for a game whose main purpose is to show the fauna and flora of a region,"The idea is to promote the knowledge of the endemic species of a region, and to do it in a way that is as interactive as possible, maybe an action rpg game based on collecting?\n\nI could use excellent examples of games or mechanics that I can draw on and get inspiration from."
lq07t3,Van Helsing,"I dont know if this idea has already been Said, but i would totally love game like Van Helsing it could be RPG style where you would travel around the world with heists killing the most famous monsters, every heist could have solo story, learning lore of each monster.\nI guess I am just stupid for thinking this, but I loved wither mostly for its contracts."
lpz95o,Combat for a 2.5D Game?,"Hello all, I just joined this sub recently because I need some help brainstorming some ideas. I don’t know if this is the right page for this type of question but here it goes:\n\nWhat kind of combat works in a 2.5d environment resembling a game like Octopath Traveler? I am working on a project that I would like to make in a 3D world with 2D sprites. I’ve been trying to think of a non-turn based rpg based combat, and I’ve thought of a few ways but they I feel like, in the end, they would end up feeling clunky. Does anyone have any ideas, or any games I could look at to get some ideas?"
lpyk8b,Once upon a time,I would really like to play a game based on the show once upon a time. Where you can make decisions and each decision you make could alter the storyline and personality of your character. You could play as the savior or as a villain. You could have allies based on the choices you make and by gathering ability points you’d be able to become better in dark/light magic - combat skills / gunfire / lockpicking ...
lpv55v,My own game; Poly Racers.,"  (I can't upload an Image or video.) but this is the link on YouTube; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3\_wtBucuvPc&amp;ab\_channel=S](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_wtBucuvPc&amp;ab_channel=S) )\n\nHello all,\n\nThis is a first taste of my iOS &amp; Android arcade racing game called Poly Racers.\n\n**\[GamePlay (In brief)\]**\n\nIn the game you have the possibility to play against the computer, yourself (time trial) or against players all over the world. (Multiplayer up to 8 players.)\n\nYou can collect coins (Poly Points) based on your position. With the poly points you can buy cars or loot boxes.\n\nA loot box can contain a spoiler or a rim. But you can also unlock colors, dances, hair style, clothing, masks or other accessories.\n\nWhich you can then equip on your car or character.\n\nWhile driving, you can listen to music through the in-game radio.\n\n**\[Controls\]**\n\nIn the game you now have 2 controls. 1. Button controls. You saw it in the video. 2. Tilt controls; with tilt you have to tilt your phone to steer.\n\n**\[Devices\]**\n\nI have tested it on the following Apple Devices; iPhone 6s, iPhone 7, iPhone 8, iPhone XS and iPhone 11, iPad Air, iPad Pro and an iPad Air.\n\nAndroid: Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S8, Galaxy S10. It all worked very smoothly on this. No lag spikes or other bad things.\n\n**\[Game Engine\]**\n\nI made all this in the Game Engine Unity 3D. The lighting is from Aura 2 and the cars, characters, maps etc. are all created in Blender.\n\nIt took me 8 months, haha.\n\n**\[Currently working on\]**\n\nI am currently working on a fun action system. I am working hard to come up with a system to make the game even more fun.\n\nI just have no idea how. I don't want to clone Mario Kart. Only Mario Kart uses a power up system. I want that kind of system too, only very different. Does anyone have a great idea for this system?\n\nAt the moment it is still a bit boring to do 3 laps. So I still have a lot to do in that regard!\n\n**\[Ideas\]**\n\nThese are ideas that I still enjoy a lot and that I may develop again.\n\nA sandbox mode. Being able to create your own maps with prefabs.\n\nStunt maps: Maps with loops, wallrides and much more!\n\nBattle Royale: That you are with 8 players in different maps and you have to beat other cars with the puppets in your car by fighting with weapons? This is really a first, first sketch. I still have a lot to work out on this.\n\nA knock-out mode: that you stand on a building with 8 players and you have to push other players off. (Last man standing)\n\nNascar: You have a whole Nascar Story mode?\n\n**\[Music\]** \n\nThe music in this video is from; Kedam - Shy Girl.\n\n[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uScZ8WZMjhs&amp;list=RDuScZ8WZMjhs&amp;start\_radio=1&amp;ab\_channel=ChillNation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uScZ8WZMjhs&amp;list=RDuScZ8WZMjhs&amp;start_radio=1&amp;ab_channel=ChillNation)\n\nThank you for reading. If you might want to test / play this once. Send me a message, then I can generate a build for you and maybe we can play a game against each other in Multiplayer;)\n\n(I now only do builds for computer)\n\nOr if you have a question or comment. Please let me know."
lpu8yf,PolyRacers - My own racing game.,"  \n\nHello all,\n\nThis is a first taste of my iOS &amp; Android arcade racing game called Poly Racers.\n\n**\[GamePlay (In brief)\]**\n\nIn the game you have the possibility to play against the computer, yourself (time trial) or against players all over the world. (Multiplayer up to 8 players.)\n\nYou can collect coins (Poly Points) based on your position. With the poly points you can buy cars or loot boxes.\n\nA loot box can contain a spoiler or a rim. But you can also unlock colors, dances, hair style, clothing, masks or other accessories.\n\nWhich you can then equip on your car or character.\n\nWhile driving, you can listen to music through the in-game radio.\n\n**\[Controls\]**\n\nIn the game you now have 2 controls. 1. Button controls. You saw it in the video. 2. Tilt controls; with tilt you have to tilt your phone to steer.\n\n**\[Devices\]**\n\nI have tested it on the following Apple Devices; iPhone 6s, iPhone 7, iPhone 8, iPhone XS and iPhone 11, iPad Air, iPad Pro and an iPad Air.\n\nAndroid: Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Galaxy S8, Galaxy S10. It all worked very smoothly on this. No lag spikes or other bad things.\n\n**\[Game Engine\]**\n\nI made all this in the Game Engine Unity 3D. The lighting is from Aura 2 and the cars, characters, maps etc. are all created in Blender.\n\nIt took me 8 months, haha.\n\n**\[Currently working on\]**\n\nI am currently working on a fun action system. I am working hard to come up with a system to make the game even more fun.\n\nI just have no idea how. I don't want to clone Mario Kart. Only Mario Kart uses a power up system. I want that kind of system too, only very different. Does anyone have a great idea for this system?\n\nAt the moment it is still a bit boring to do 3 laps. So I still have a lot to do in that regard!\n\n**\[Ideas\]**\n\nThese are ideas that I still enjoy a lot and that I may develop again.\n\nA sandbox mode. Being able to create your own maps with prefabs.\n\nStunt maps: Maps with loops, wallrides and much more!\n\nBattle Royale: That you are with 8 players in different maps and you have to beat other cars with the puppets in your car by fighting with weapons? This is really a first, first sketch. I still have a lot to work out on this.\n\nA knock-out mode: that you stand on a building with 8 players and you have to push other players off. (Last man standing)\n\nNascar: You have a whole Nascar Story mode?\n\n**\[Music\]** \n\nThe music in this video is from; Kedam - Shy Girl.\n\n[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uScZ8WZMjhs&amp;list=RDuScZ8WZMjhs&amp;start\_radio=1&amp;ab\_channel=ChillNation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uScZ8WZMjhs&amp;list=RDuScZ8WZMjhs&amp;start_radio=1&amp;ab_channel=ChillNation)\n\nThank you for reading. If you might want to test / play this once. Send me a message, then I can generate a build for you and maybe we can play a game against each other in Multiplayer;)\n\n(I now only do builds for computer)\n\nOr if you have a question or comment. Please let me know.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nInstagram: PolyRacers\n\nTikTok: PolyRacers"
lpsthf,ideas for a spacegame with handcrafted planets?,"My original plan was to make a elder scrolls-type game in space, but I simply cant figure out a way to make npcs with pathfinding on a sphere. So, I'm left with this beaultiful solar system with pilotable ships and enemy fighters (I still can have ship AI, just not ground AI) but no npcs on the ground. What can I do with it?"
lpp8am,Fleet building sci-fi exploration game,"Start as a single weak scouted ship, flying around a procedural galaxy. Within this galaxy, different factions are collecting a resource dust that can be collected from some planets. Fight off other factions to get dust, to upgrade your ship. If your ship is more upgraded than others of your faction, they will join you and fight with you so eventually you will build up a massive fleet. Defeat the other factions with your fleet to beat the map"
lpovx3,any interesting and evolvable 2d game ideas?,"hey, im a game developer, i couldnt think about a good game idea for almost 1.5 years, can anyone send an evolvable 2d game idea?  \nthank you all anyway"
lpmnly,Ideas for a Treehouse building type game,"Hey,\n\ni have this idea about a game where youbasically just live in a treehouse you can expand, like in the game raft but with a treehouse instead of a floating platform in the ocean. I thought, maybe there could be other treehouses around you that you can take over and make your treehouse bigger.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\ni just dont know if thats enough gameplay (or i do know its not enough), so does anyone have some ideas that could make this more interesting?"
lpk03u,Small Town Simulator/Toy,"Something in between a city simulator and the Sims. You build/manage a small town with as few as 20 citizens, as many as maybe 500 (at the absolute biggest, and even that might be too many). The game would take place in the modern era.\n\nEvery citizen is modeled and has a schedule. They leave home in the morning (if they have a job), go to work, go shopping, come home. They have days off, occasionally stay home sick, and sometimes leave the town on vacation (vacation time determined by a policy at their work location). Children have different schedules related to the school year (which you can control by setting policies on the school building). Elderly retirees would stay at home, occasionally shop or work part-time jobs.\n\nThis idea is motivated by my attempts at creating a viable small town in Cities:Skylines. I felt a bit hamstrung by the population requirements to unlock more advanced buildings. Having grown up in a small town with many of these buildings (schools, police stations, firehouse, etc.), it felt a bit artificial that my in-game town couldn't also have those amenities.\n\nBut it is not just a matter of modding Cities to change those requirements - I feel that the focus of Cities is still a bit too high-level. I want the citizens' lives to be more richly modeled - maybe not quite as detailed as a Sim from the Sims franchise, and less focused on interpersonal relationships/drama.\n\nI should be able to walk around my streets like in Streets of Sim City or the console version of Cities, and observe daily life in a small town - people popping into shops to buy things, saying ""hi"" as they pass others on the street, sometimes arguing, occasionally committing crimes (more common things like parking/speeding violations to less common stealing/vandalizing, to very rare serious crimes like murder).\n\nThe ""goal"" of the game would be less on expansion and more on maintaining harmony in your town (or a dysfunctional one, if that's more your speed) - it would be less of a game and more of a toy, but could be played like a game if you're the type that needs goals.\n\nI think the Sims 3 came close to what I envisioned, and then they kind of ruined it / dumbed it down in Sims 4. But I felt that the Sims games were a bit lacking in the city-building aspects. I always hoped that Sim City and the Sims could meet somewhere in the middle but I don't think this was ever realized. I am aware of Sim Town but that game is very old and could use a modern take (it is also my understanding that it was fairly limited)."
lpj0f4,"New Rainbow Six game, R6: Green Shadow Rising","Game would start with long dark hallway with a dark room at the end with a person tied up in a chair their back turn  row of flickering tvs that are displaying Rainbow operators  some conducting their games and others in their homes. camera slowly  you than hear a male with a heavily accented english speaking. *We have sat in the shadows  as governments  have taken the rights of their peoples. We have stayed silent as the cries of the poor have gone unheard, we have watched as corporations plunder our earth and poison our air and we have asked where are those who are supposed to protect us? They are nowhere to be found instead content to play their games and feed off the scraps of their masters tables.*  \n\n*Today that changes today we no longer wait to be saved  today we claim back what is ours....  camera reaches the room as  the Tv screens all of sudden show explosions and figures dressed in all black shooting at the rainbow operators killing several  the figure tied up is revealed to be 6 who looks in horror as he sees his operators get killed.  all of sudden you hear the sound of hammer being pulled back and you see a gun pointed at the back of  6 head as  the mysterious figure speaks again.  We will build our world on the ashes of yours* Loud gunshot is heard as your see 6 slump on the chair and the  mysterious figure standing watching the screens. \n\nThe Game will than take you to the character creation screen where you will design a new rainbow recruit who will join the remaining members in a variety of missions across the globe as they try to take down this new radical group called Green shadow. You will conduct recon misisons,hostage rescue, vip escort and terrorist eliminations. you will be able to customize your guns and gear as well as clothing, each mission would unlock more items. you will face a variety of enemies  from Hackers who can disable your high end tech to lieutenants who can command and organize their troops to react to your team as well your standard heavy and light soldiers."
lpgidy,"IDEA: A space-survival game that takes place on a single abandoned space station in the middle of a vast void of unknown outer-space. (warning, long, super long, post)","(In advance, I want to make this an actual game one day, when I become more experienced in programming, so please don't copy the major theme of this game if you could. Of course I can't stop anyone so credit me if you do anyways. Thank you!)  \n\n\nThe game starts out by showing vast, moving shots of nothingness. Nothingness in space though. It's just an infinite void of stars and darkness giving off a deep malice. On the last shot, it shows a small hunk of metal floating around in this void. It looks miniscule compared to the emptiness. The camera slowly zooms in on this space junk reveling it as a small space station, almost small enough to be mistaken for a large, square\~ish ship. It is beaten up, torn up, some parts are smashed, and others are even missing.  \nThere is no sound yet, until it cuts to a shot of inside the space station. Where you (or your team if you do multiplayer or co-op) are wounded and wearing damaged space suits. The advanced tech, although beat up, implies this game takes place in the future. You all get up. nauseas and disoriented. You don't immediately get anything like a task or a quest until you interact with a broken terminal as sparks fly out of it. It barely works but it manages to stutter out some information  \n*Station: 629;  Vulcara. Welcome, Captain*  \n*Hull integrity: Severe Damage*  \n*Energy Production: None*  \n*Shield Status: Offline*  \n*Weapon Status: Offline*  \n*Fuel: Offline - Thrusters: Offline*   \n*Gravity Control - Online*\n\nThe only thing that is working is the gravity control, allowing you to walk normally in the station. It appears the station name is Vulcara, and it's designation is 629. The terminal has a few options, including Logs, Status (again), and mechna-arm control, and repairs. The Logs reveal you and your crew used to have a much bigger space station. The space station also worked as a space-ship that was launched into space. Many logs are missing and you are not sure why you have been stranded, where your crew is, and why you were launched into space. Now using the mechna-arm control, you can control a large and expandable robo-arm on the outside of the station. It is also badly damage and doesn't extend much.   \nYou see a metal box surrounded by much debris that you can just barely reach with the mechna-arm. When you grab it the arm retracts to the inside of the station and within a few second it is now in your hands. Inside the box is a gun and a futuristic looking tool. Inserting the tool within the terminal allows you to build new parts to the ship, or you can use the tool with the repairs section and fix pieces of the ship.  \nUsing the mechna-arm you can grab the debris and fix the ship. You can use the tool outside of terminal to fix items inside the ship, using this you know have a repaired hull (of what you do have) and a working terminal. A UI appears showing health, thirst, hunger, and effect.  \nSo for the rest of the game it's you trying to make it back to Earth. Doing this is a dangerous task, you need to build new parts to the Vulcara and keep a steady supply of energy, fuel, food, water, and make sure the parts of your ship is always up to standards. You can build station attachments like more generators, weapons/turrets, more thrusters (will be required for heavier ships), and other things like radars. You can build labs to study aliens and ores, and better ores make better things.  \nYou can build terminals and rooms for things like navigation, farming, weapon/ammo building, etc. You will have to land on planets that you come across (when you build the shuttle) and collect water/hunt alien creatures for meat. You can also mine on planets or mine meteors. There would be many other features, like upgrading attachments, terminals, weapons, and the ability to craft better and more advanced gear and suits. Your station will be attacked by space creatures known as ""anomalies"" and a good radar and can tell you what parts of space and which planets are more dangerous, but the more dangerous, the better the minerals, loot, and food quality. There's even a very hard to fight boss called ""The Queen"" which is a massive planet sized anomaly that gives you lots of good loot and a secret ending, if you meet the requirements. You can even find and travel through worm-holes (at the expense of some hull integrity.) There's a lot to do in this game, explore, craft, fight, mine, upgrade, study, etc. The story/lore is never full explained and will require you to upgrade the main terminal to unlock more logs and restore more logs using your lab. many of the logs have  accompanying cutscenes. Some lore is even seen through alien studies from alien settlements (which can be found! Although not all are friendly.)  \nThe game also has an endless mode that you can choose at the star or you can choose when you find Earth. (Like it implies, the game doesn't end, or keeps going after you find Earth with the station you have.)  \n\n\nThe story/lore (but short but also not really)  \n\n\nTurns out the current year is 3024 and Earth has been chaos for years. Pollution, global warming, poverty, war, and over-population. The poor stay poor while the rich get richer, as in the rich are very corrupt, nobody cares, people are dying and governments have no remorse, governments also only care about war now and none of the efforts to stop and of the issues on Earth. Some countries, including Sweden, Sudan, and Brazil have been torn apart and no longer exist due to the war, and governments have raided towns and killed million of innocents to ""fix"" over-population. It got really bad in 2097 and the lower class/lower-middle class on Earth started a revolution that began with a group of rebels in England. America and Canada decided they liked that idea and began revolting as well, led by Jason ""Strider""   They were under-manned and didn't have enough power so lost all of their fights until military defectors smuggles weapons to them. War was tearing apart the world. It turns out in 2086 there was a dangerous disease called Plague 31-X was actually cured using a rare mineral found in deep space called Quettrenium (an ore you will find a lot in your journeys) cured the disease instantly. It also was used to make great machines and technology that could have been used to solve Earth's issues. But you know, corrupt government and war, also the fact that humans already mined up too much of it and can't find any in their general area of space. NASA and ECRO (Earth Crisis Response Organization) are the only two government funded organizations left that aren't used for making weapons, although NASA is on the brink of being wiped from the history books. They decide to secretly send a manned mission to deep deep deep space to find more and illegally make these machines. You were the Captain, and your crew ran out of fuel before you found anything. An anomaly  attack destroyed your station and gave you a mind-wiping concussion. Your crew (or a lot of it if your playing with others) died. At the end of the game, when you make it back to Earth, you land in the middle of a city surrounded by soldiers. But the soldiers have the rebels crest and you learn that the rebels won against the government, although Earth is still suffering. There are three different endings depending on a few things.  \nBad ending: You make it back to Earth but you have 300 or less Quettrenium. Not enough to build any machines and every human on Earth dies out eventually due to all the bad stuff and an attack from the Queen.  \nOkay ending: You have 301-1.9k Quettrenium. Earth get's sustained for the next few couple hundred years but eventually Earth does fall to it's inevitable doom due to bad stuff and the queen.  \nGood ending: You have 2k- Quettrenium and you are able to rebuild NASA and ECRO from the ground up. The Queen attacks but Earth does defeat it, although due to the attack a lot of Europe has been destroyed. You build Quettrenium machines that sustain Earth.\n\nSecret ending: During you expedition kill the Queen in space. Have 10k or more Quettrenium and have collected an ""Strange Orb"" (a very rare item found in alien settlments). The Queen never attacks and the machines are built as well as NASA and ECRO are put back together. The orb is studied and actually creates a new livable planet that begins to orbit the sun. It forms unnaturally fast, within about 80 or so years, and it massively helps with the over-population issue."
lpazvg,Zelda/metroidvania combination,"Recently I saw a speedrun of Link to the Past/Super Metroid combo randomizer. This completely blew my mind that this is possible - but also I'm surprised that nobody yet had an idea like this.\n\nSo, here is my concept for a game: basically that randomizer, but as a standalone indie game. The plot would follow a fantasy world, where in the dark ages, a demon was summoned, and the protagonist is a monster hunter trying to destroy the monster. However, demon opens a temporal rift that allows that person to communicate with their direct descendant in the cyberpunk future (still fantasy - think Shadowrun) who is now a street samurai down on their luck. It turns out that the demon returns every 1000 years (the descendant and the hunter are exactly 1000 years apart), and is unbound in time - to kill him permanently, he has to be killed in both time periods simultaneously. So the monster hunter enlists the help of their descendant, and they both work together to destroy the demon in their respective time periods.\n\nThe dark ages would be a sidescroller metroidvania, similar to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, with a focus on melee combat with swords and such; while the future would be a top-down game, like Zelda mixed with Smash TV. The player could switch between both games at any time, and because of the time rift, items and upgrades from both periods would be seen in all ages - so for example, the street samurai in the future might find a new sword for their ancestor, while the hunter in the past might find a new gun for the street samurai.\n\nThe game would take place in the same location - the Agares Forest, filled with giant petrified trees. However, while in the past it'd be just a forest, in the future there would be either a city built around the giant trunks, or the trees are cut down to make place for skyscrapers, whichever the person who wants to use this prefers.\n\nThe final boss would be designed so player has to fight two fights at once - on the left side of the screen, they would be platforming as the monster hunter with the arrow keys (in the monster hunter past gameplay up is used for jumping and down is used for a downstab attack, like in the indie game Super House of Dead Ninjas) or the left stick to avoid demons attacks, while on the right, you would play as the street samurai in special setpiece section, a first person rail shooter played with mouse or the right stick - and you would have to kill boss simultaneously in both screen, or he will respawn in both with 25% of health."
lp7511,"An anime esque 3rd person roguelike fighting game with fully customizable characters, high stakes combat, and lots of strategy and base building involved.","So ok, I've been watching a lot of naruto shippuden and while I don't want the game to be limited to ninjas I've got a really cool idea. So basically your main character grows up in a village, and while you're a kid you get you character stronger by learning new moves at the academy for kids who'll be soldiers when they grow up, (like naruto). There's a lot of moves that do different things and you can have as many skills as you want you just have to remember them all.\n\nWhen you're old enough you can finally start fighting, this is important because during this time all of the villages are at war and you grew up in a time of war. From this point you join a team of fighters who do missions for your village as you slowly rank up over the course of years. If your main character dies it's game over and you have to restart (this can be toggled) If any teammates you have die they stay dead. Until you're the chief of your village you don't have any say in what your tasks are. Eventually you can be the leader of a team if you want and level them up so when they fight they're less likely to die.\n\nThe combat system is kind of hack and slash but it's really easy to die so you'll need to use diversions and underhanded attacks to win. Imagine the typical fight scene from naruto where it's very easy to die, but everyone isn't a ninja and they can basically do anything provided they're level is high enough. Players can do things like fight enemies several levels higher and come out on top if they play their cards right. The characters will have a lot of movement depending on thier build, with some characters being able to run up walls, teleport etc. Players can often turn the tables on enemies with witty thinking, so let's use this as an example. \n\nYou're some kid who's new to the job and you're out doing some recon on an enemy village. Then boom an armored knight jumps out of nowhere trying to kill you, all of your weapons aren't doing jackshit to him. But you remember that you have a lighting ability that enchants your weapons with shock damage, so you give your knife the shock element and throw it at him, the electricity then fries the knight in his armor.\n\nEventually you can get married and have a kid, this basically means if your main character dies you can play as your child. If you have multiple kids you can choose who you play as."
lp44z4,My RPG concept called BIFROST,The game begins with the test run of a new form of Space Travel called Project BIFROST. On the test run there’s a malfunction (because of course) that tears a hole into the fabric of reality. The rest of the game follows you as you learn about your new found teleportation powers
lp33sy,SoT inspired game set in medieval times.,"First wanna say am drawing alot from sea of thieves i know. this is an idea i had because its something i would love to play and id thought i share.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo similar to SoT, this game will be played in 1-2, 2-3, 4. the vehicle you use to voyage the mystical lands of ..... will be a wagon lol.  pull by either 1, 2 or 4 horses depending of crew size.\n\nin this game id like there to be 3 classes, the holy 3.\n\nsince am aiming for a medieval fantasy theme.\n\nTANK: is Basically a Knight in Armor. Keeping with SoT loadout, knight use shield and sword or two-hander weapon.\n\nDPS: leather type Ranger type use bow or sword \n\nHEAL: cloth Staff or dagger\n\nStart a game in a tavern  buy a quest from the adventures guild to go slay some goblins!\n\nSimilar to SoT you will have venders. Armorer, magical goods, and weapon smith. to buy ur respected goods. you cang buy health potions and bombs from the magic goods. Armorers sell all 3 types. weapons sell weaponds and equpiment like wayfinders(compass). \n\nFaction Examples:\n\nKnight's Guild: get quest to do knightly things save a village from a goblin attack.\n\nWizards School. quest, transport magic goods through the dark woods survive to the other side. another quest slay magical creature for its magic stuff.\n\nWagon customization \n\nJust form your crew and to at it explore the world for hidden treasure Hidden mysteries. your adventure awaits.\n\nbeware in your travels you may face the mystical dragon! dragon comes down on your wagon and you and your crew must fend it of or die trying.\n\npvp: yes the adventures guild is large and there are other adventures out there looking for there next reward. \n\nthe basic enemy here would be the goblins there everywhere gotta watch out for them. why are they so brazen these goblins? whos leading them.....who knows lol.\n\ngoblin slayer anyone?"
lp2kfh,A Game where you play as a SuperHero somewhere in Japan maybe Tokyo,I could even take examples from Anime Manga and things like that or even Power Rangers Ultra Man Transformers
lp100d,"A Monster's Inc style horror game, where you're the monster, but its all comedy and fun.","Ok, imagine you're a monster of some type of customizable.  Then you go around wrecking a town.  As your notoriety grows, people start knowing you before you meet, and then they freak out when they see you, ""OH SHEEEEIT! It's the dreaded Kitten of DOOM! Run for your lives! No wait, stand still and distract it while I run!""  And the whole premise of the game is to write like 1000 funny lines of people scared, + scared animations such as hands in the air funny reactions to run away.  Anything past that would be bonus.  People would like this better than a joke book, and would pay 5$ easy all day for this."
lp0m2z,Okay listen up Nintendo..,"Imagine if The Legend of Zelda was a full on RPG.\nSo with Breath of the Wild they were inspired by Skyrim with the whole “anywhere you see, you can go” idea. Which is great. But what if they took it further.\n\nLets say for timeline purposes, the game takes place 100-200 years after the event of BOTW (and probably BOTW2).\nThey use the same overworld because of the size. BUT with no evil in the world for so long, Hyrule is just thriving. Lots of towns to explore, characters to meet, sidequests. \nHere’s the crazy part though. \nYou don’t play as Link.\nYou play as a descendant of one of the Champions. \nHowever, you get to choose which one. \nYou pick a race like, lets say, a skyrim type rpg. Hylian, Goron, Zora, Gerudo, whatever.\nAnd the game opens with a 4-6 hour intro where you kind of get to learn more about whatever race you chose. Spend time in that race’s region. Meeting characters. Learning about their legends and myths and elders. Doing quests around Deathmountain if you’re a Goron for example. Then obviously the story progresses and the game opens up and let’s you explore the world.\n\nI’ve had that idea long before BOTW even came out. The idea of exploring a big hyrule and selecting your race. Just happens that the BOTW map was huge and amazing to explore. BUT it always felt pretty empty to me. \n\nTake the idea I had when i was a kid and apply it to that map, maybe expand it a bit, and boom. Its a beautiful idea but lets he real. It’s Nintendo. They don’t think of things like this."
lp02ul,engineering game,"a game kinda like ""car mechanic simulator"" BUT set in a sci-fi universe say star trek or star wars and your ""job"" is to fix the things it could be called Starship Engineer would be cool to be able to fix/modify the millenium falcon "
loyym5,Looking for a multiplayer game idea,Hello everyone I want to create a small multiplayer PC game and I am struggling to find any idea.\n\nif you have any idea for a small medium size game that you would like to play let me know
lowh53,First person labyrinth game,"It's a first person game where you have to find the end of the labyrinth. That's the base of the idea. I've been thinkin about putting rifles in it with different effects (like moving objects, teleporting or maybe shooting). I thought it could be about surviving a bit, like you have to eat, drink and sleep enough. Basically it would be a 2D labyrinth, but that's because of the easiest implementation. I have to make it for a class, and I would be glad if you could add some ideas or reflections. Thank you very much, and sorry for the bad English."
lot4ia,Simple Glow Fish Game,"The idea is simple: You are a fish that can glow swimming around in the dark. You can adjust how brightly to glow (and maybe use different colors) to better see your surroundings and to catch prey that are attracted to the light. Beware! As predators are also attracted to your light and have a few glowing tricks of their own. Swim fast and glow wisely.\n\nWas thinking 2D scroller, but I suppose you could also go 3D Slender man style. \n\nI can do some basic photoshop and illustrator and would be interested in giving some art input on design, however you'd probably need a pro animator and I have no idea how to code.\n\nI was thinking a far-future or alien world in a rainforest with above and below water elements. Beautiful and relaxing environment, yet stressful trying not to get eaten at the same time."
lor3j3,"Retro First Person Adaptation of ""Call of Cthulhu""","The game would follow the story of the book in the format of old SNES adventures games(i.e. ""Eye of the Beholder""). I really like Lovecraft and I felt the official game didn't really capture the story, so I thought this would be a relatively easy game to make. I decided not to go through with it because it would follow the story a little *too* closely, and essentially just be walking. I think the bit near the end where they \*spoilers\* awaken Cthulhu could be interesting by implementing non-euclidean layouts. I just felt like I should post it here, in case there are any Lovecraft fans looking for something to do."
lonch0,Some loose metroidvania ideas,"I know indie devs come here to find ideas for games, so I figured I might dump a bunch of smaller ideas into one post.\n\nBasically, I believe that since 2009, the metroidvania genre has evolved very little, and might be slowly becoming stale (I can think of at least 4 different games that try to do ""metroidvania as 2D Dark Souls"" thing released in recent years). So, here's some ideas on how to make your metroidvania game stand out from the herd! (Note that I'm using very loose definition of metroidvania, the goal is to create something interesting instead of following the definition exactly)\n\nTo be fair, most of these ideas are inspired by various metroidvania games I played.\n\n* Instead of having single interconnected world, have multiple locations connected by a top-down world map. This is actually pretty common in retro metroidvanias, like Zelda 2, Gargoyle's Quest, or Super Adventure Island II. While this loses some of the sense of being in a coherent location, it allows for a more epic scale to the story, as player can explore an entire world/region. Modern game that does this is Super Win The Game.\n* Sequence breaking! Add hidden mechanics to your game that you don't tell your player around, or hide that knowledge. This will make your game instantly appealing for speedrunners (for example, that's why speedrunners love Super Metroid and Zero Mission), which gives you extra exposure.\n* Puzzle platformer metroidvania. I can think of only three games that do this, and each approaches it differently.\n* Instead of gating progress by locking it behind abilities, lock it behind obscure game mechanics that player would never guess on their own - and player is taught these mechanics at key points. Toki Tori 2+ does this really well. Similarly, you can make player solve puzzles to progress, and hide puzzle hints instead of abilities. This also automatically solves the need for sequence breaking mechanics.\n* Related to above idea, you can have the game feature notes and NPCs using multiple different languages, which will be gibberish - but player character can learn new languages (or upgrade their translation software). This is loosely inspired by La-Mulana, but in it that occurs once at the start of the game - but you can make it a regular occurrence. Idk, set the game in Tower of Babel?\n* Instead of ability or item gating, you can lock the progress by giving player switches that open doors and enable lifts and so on. Flash puzzle platformer Redder does this. [https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/529992](https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/529992) \- you will need Newgrounds Player (only works on Windows) to play it since Flash is deprecated.\n* Mix Ikaruga with metroidvania! Little known flash game called Antichromatic took the basic idea of Ikaruga and applied it to a metroidvania - first ability lets you switch colors between black and white, later abilities let you interact with objects of certain color. You can take this idea and polish it into a full game! [https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/618881](https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/618881)\n* You can take a page from Zelda, and have player enter smaller ""dungeons"" inside the main interconnected world, separate from the main map. Several games do this, including Knightmare 2 on MSX or Castlevania 2 on NES.\n* In addition to above, take the page out of Blaster Master and make the dungeons drastically different in gameplay from the main game. Getsu Fuuma Den uses first person dungeon crawler, Goonies 2 uses a first person adventure game like Shadowgate, and Blaster Master uses a top-down shooter.\n* Add linear platforming levels as intermissions between open world exploration. Kid Icarus on NES kinda does this.\n* Tactical Soul System from Castlevania Aria of Sorrow and Dawn of Sorrow games is brilliant, but for some reason only indie game (I know of) to copy it is Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night. What I recommend is not just copying it, but using ""souls"" as the main collectible in the game, found instead of items or upgrades lying around, and not for killing enemies. This will reward player for exploration with something that is always useful (because no soul in Sorrow games is the best, they're all lateral to each other) instead of the disappointment of finding a sword that is two times weaker than your current one. And it gives the completionists another statistic to 100%!\n* Run'n'gun metroidvania! Make your game a run'n'gun shooter in style of Contra or Metal Slug. So far we only ever got two games like that, Alien Infestation and Mummy Demastered, both by WayForward.\n* Shmup metroidvania! Even more obscure, I can think of only one game that does this - Hero Core by Daniel Remar (creator of Iji and Hyper Princess Pitch).\n* Do you want to make a metroidvania but can't think of enough ideas for upgrades? Take a page from one of the first metroidvanias ever made, Montezuma's Revenge, and make abilities consumable/disposable after use! This way, with 2-3 ability ideas you can still make a long game!\n* 3D platformer metroidvania: There's plenty of 2D platformer metroidvania, but only game that kind of qualifies in 3D is Banjo Tooie - and it still mostly uses collectibles for gating. This is an interesting direction now that 3D platformers are back in vogue!\n* 2D collectathon: Instead of ability gating, give player access to the entire game world from the beginning - and ask them to either kill all the bosses, or collect every single object of a certain type, to win the game/unlock the final boss! Jet Set Willy, Pitfall 2 and Rogue Legacy do this.\n* Hacking metroidvania: Gate progress not behind abilities, but behind passwords that player has to input into computer terminals. Password pieces are strewn around the world, and player has to arrange them  as a puzzle to progress. Impossible Mission for C64 does this.\n* Rescue your friends: Instead of magically gaining new abilities, make a 'tag team' platformer like first NES TMNT game, or Super Mario 64 DS, where you can switch the character you're playing as at any time, and each character has different abilities - you start as one character, and as you rescue more of them, more of the game world unlocks due to your rescued friends abilities!\n* Sandbox game metroidvania: Just like modern sandbox games, or cRPGs, instead of just finding abilities, ask player to complete quests/mission in the game world that award them these new abilities as a reward!\n* Pure platformer metroidvania: Almost all modern metroidvanias are action platformers, in equal measure about platforming and combat. But what if you focused entirely on platforming with almost no combat, like in Mario, Super Meat Boy or Sonic? VVVVVV almost did this, though with no ability gating.\n* Speaking off... Sonic-like momentum platformer metroidvania. While there are modern Sonic clones, like Freedom Planet, I don't think anybody tried to tackle this idea yet. Sure, some common design trends in metroidvanias would need tweaking - for example, you couldn't just have hard boundaries between rooms, since that would require player to stop running, but I think if you solve those design quandaries, running as a Sonic-like character in a large interconnected world could be really rewarding.\n* Cinematic platformer metroidvania: There is an obscure subgenre called cinematic platformers - games like Prince of Persia, Flashback, Blackthorne, Another World or the modern Deadlight. Instead of unrealistic movement like air-control and double jump, they focus on injecting realism into platforming, by having committed jumps with no air control, focus on climbing ledges, and realistic combat. All of these games were linear level-based affair - but what if you made one that was a metroidvania?\n* Idle clicker metroidvania: Inspired by youtuber Ingeniousclown Gaming, who likes idle games and metroidvanias. So, you start the game with a gun, but no ammo. After the first screen, you get to the room with the ammobox - a coinbox you have to hit by jumping into it to get ammo. Eventually, you will upgrade it to get more ammo per jump, or to get ammo automatically. As you progress through the game, as ability gating, you unlock new types of ammo and weapons, that create new 'ammoboxes' back in the ammo room that you have to hit and upgrade to get that new types of ammo (rockets, shotgun, machinegun) - these new ammo types open certain types of doors like in Metroid. Minor collectibles are efficiency upgrades that will provide you passive income of ammo that doesn't require you to do anything, like in Cookie Clicker. Similarly to Diablo 2 Town Portal, after first leaving the room, you will have the option to teleport straight to the ammo room - and after you teleport there, you can teleport back to where you were in the world map.  Goal of the game is to install final ammo factory upgrade, to tie the game back to the idle theme.\n\nAnd that's it for my ideas. Just wanted to share them here since there is 0% chance I will realize all, or even most of them, in my dev career."
lolu2o,Pokémon Souls Game,"I’m not a game maker, but I’d love to see this made.\n\nSo my idea is for a Souls style arena battle-style fighting Pokémon game. If you were playing on a console controller, it works perfectly to have the four abilities be on a trigger or bumper. \n\nThe stronger abilities would cost more endurance (PP). \nYou’d still get a small dash to evade abilities with the dash distance or maybe end cost scaling jog with the stat. \nYou’d have the effectiveness from types still work. \n\nThere’s a lot to work with honestly. It’s like dark souls meets league of legends in the sense that the abilities are set at the start of the match. I’d love to hear others ideas and I think this would be super fun to play."
lolq33,Domino Pathways,"Up to 8 players would take turns placing dominoes, moving along the dominoes already placed, capturing other players' dominoes and fighting each other. You play with a domino set (double-6, double-9, double-12, double-15, or double-18), and a pair of dices (D7s, D10s, D13s, D16s, or D19s). Each player starts with 7 dominoes and a certain amount of HP (from 40 to 120 depending on the domino set you've chosen).\n\nYou can play either until one player runs out of dominoes to place (Expansion) or no more dominoes can be placed (Attrition).\n\nAt the start of the game, a 0-0 domino and a number of other dominoes (from 12 to 36 depending on the domino set chosen) are placed.\n\nEach turn of a game goes as follows:\n\n* Roll the dices\n* One of two things can happen:\n   * Draw the domino matching the dices' score (if you rolled a 5 and a 3, draw a 5-3 domino)\n   * Add up the two dices' score, and then you can make that amount of moves at most along the dominoes (with the above examples, 5+3=8 moves maximum). If you have points left after moving, you can try to capture the domino you're on. Depending on your remaining score and the domino's score, you either capture the domino or take damage based on the difference. If the domino you land on is occupied by another player, a fight occurs (both roll dices, lower score takes damage, higher score captures the domino).\n* Place one domino whenever possible. Usual domino rules apply, but dominoes can also be placed vertically:\n   * perpendicular to the end of a domino\n   * sideways onto a double domino (or on either of its borders)\n   * across the middle of a domino with a 0\n* Draw a domino after placing one (Attrition) or if you can't place one (Expansion).\n\nAs mentioned above, 0-0 dominoes are neutral zones (no fights or captures can occur on them). If a player runs out of HP, they start their next turn on the last 0-0 they crossed.\n\nOnce the game is over, scores are tallied: add points from dominoes placed/captured and from damage dealt to other players (this accounts for fights and capture attempts on your dominoes) ; subtract points from dominoes still in your hand and from damage received from other players.\n\nAny feedback on the idea is welcome!"
loixod,Card Based World Generator,"You start out with a small blot of land surrounded by water. In your had you have some cards like rain, more land, or wind. Playing the rain card on your land will start plants growing. Playing wind with the plants will spread there seeds, and allow for more growth. The more land card will increase your island size. As time goes on, you will unlock more plant species, and eventually an animal species to feed on those plants. Playing your cards to keep a careful balance between your ecosystem will allow you to continue to unlock more and more advanced animals up the food chain, while continuing to expand and make your island more complex (mountains, deserts, lakes, etc). Playing your cards wring will lead to extinctions and starvation. Eventually you will unlock species up to human. At the end of the game there should be an extremely complex and diverse island you build from the ground up."
lofg26,A survival game where you are being constantly followed by some kind of slow moving being (like It Follows) while trapped on a large island.,"I’m not surprised if something exactly like this has already been done, but I just like the concept of desperately trying to survive in a harsh unforgiving environment, while having to be constantly vigilant of this creature that would be always walking towards you slowly but never stopping. You’d also have to not stay in one place for too long, I don’t know how sleeping would work maybe every time you sleep the monsters is suddenly way closer. I guess I’m just a sucker for the intense feeling you get while knowing your being hunted in a game."
loedb2,Sentient Balloons Rimword,"Yes, you read that right. Imagine a type of alien that lives in gas giants. Weird sentient balloon creatures (eg drifloon). They build weird spiderweb structures and have complex personalities and societies. They become spacefaring. Then imagine a lost ark ship of theirs crashing into Jupiter. You play as one faction of the aliens, with a Rimworld-esque AI dungeon master generating challenges for your small colony. Key differences to RW being the layers and constant flux/float of a gas giant environment, plus the tangled web of behaviours/needs driving the alien behaviour (eg, not eating enough of nutrient x increases aggressiveness). At some stage humans discover the colony and lose their sh!t. I imagine the UI initially being in alien symbols which gradually ‘decipher’ the more you play. Multiple win criteria - eg unite the factions or conquer all, but steep curve of survive or die."
lo5ye1,3d stealth metroidvania,"Why can we have a full 3d steath game with metroidvania elements? Imagine: you are in a single huge map fully explorable from the stat but with abilities gate.\n\nImagine a Thief game but you start with nothing, you need to find the lockpick, the screwdriver, the grapple, the water arrows, ... in the level to progress. You avoid fighting and avoid being spotted at all cost because you are weak as hell. As you unlock new abilities, it gets easier to roam in the map but later place have more enemies and more perceptive. You naturally have shortcut to avoid redoing the same room again and again (for example, vents that are unlocked from one side). Naturally, tons of secrets and also optional upgrades (more max ammo for example).\n\nA side thought that I had would be that there is a general alert level for the world (a bit like Chaos in Dishonored). Being spotted and generally making guards wary increase the general alertness; spawning more enemies. Even the abilities could be playstyle dependant: For example, if you didn't get spotted retrieving the vent opener, you get the screwdriver: stealthy but you need to do it each time (uncrewing and rescrewing); if you made the guards wary without being spotted, you get the crowbar: a bit less stealthy but you only need to open the grid once unlocked. But if a guard check the grid, he will see it and become wary. If you went full commando, you get explosive: not stealthy at all and guard see from afar if a grid is open but it always fully open, making it easy to got fast."
lo4ij5,A tactical superhero RPG (and why isn't there one already?),"So this one probably isn't that original, but I cannot understand why no one has made a game like this in the last decade. \n\nSo the idea is this: A tactical RPG set in a world with superheroes. You control a team of superheroes by sending them on missions, with combat being either turn-based or pausable. Think XCOM, if you will, but in a different setting and with unique characters. \n\nI should probably say that I mean ""RPG"" in a loose sense. Your heroes gain xp on missions, that they can use to gain levels, which lets them gain new abilities or upgrade existing ones. Each hero's leveling has to be unique though, given that they all have different powers and/or skills. This means a semi-unique set of abilities for each character. Is this a problem? It likely either requires slightly longer game development, or limits the amount of different heroes you can recruit. But with maybe 10-15 different heroes, it shouldn't be completely undoable.\n\nNow, I know what you're thinking: ""This game already exists. It's Freedom Force from 2002 by Irrational Games"". And you would be sort of right. I actually want a sort of spiritual successor to Freedom Force. I agree that it is a great game, and I've played through it and its sequel several times. But why did no one make another game like this for over 15 years? Super heroes are more popular than ever, and so are tactical RPGs. Just look at the success of Dinvinity: Original Sin, Pathfinder: Kingmaker and so on. I feel confident that the same people that play those games would be interested in playing a game with super heroes.\n\nAlso, looking at modern RPGs, lots of features could be added/changed to set this game apart from Freedom Force in a positive way. Like:\n\n\- Choices and branching story lines. Make the story non-linear by giving your heroes a choice of what to do. This could lead to branching story arcs, with several possible endings for any given quest line. Does your hero investigate a lead given to them by a certain shady character, or do they trust the chief of police? Upon finding the villain's layer, do they take a stealthy approach or go in guns blazing with a team of heavy-hitters? Do they discover a specific clue or scribbled note, which lets them find the hostages in time? Do they go back into the burning building, not knowing what will happen in there? There are so many (imo) cool possibilities. \n\n\- Personal side quests. Each hero could have a personal quest line consisting of several missions. These missions could see them evolve, interact with people from their origin story, fight their personal nemesis, and similar. These quest lines could potentially again have different possible outcomes, possibly giving your heroes access to different new abilities depending on choices made. It could also possibly lead to romances between characters (for those of us that like that sort of thing).\n\n\- The possibility of failing missions. This could be another way to have non-linearity to the story, and there are a few ways it could be implemented. It could be that civilians die during a mission or the criminals/villains get away, leading to the city distrusting you more. It could also be that your heroes can be defeated, but with the story continuing, but with the permanent death or injury of one of your heroes. Or it could be that failing an optional objective during a mission leads to trouble down the line, with a villain resurfacing to cause trouble. \n\n\- Freedom to explore. Patrol the city with you team and discover crimes in progress or speak with your contacts in order to get leads on what a super villain's plans are. Go around and meet people, potentially meeting new recruits or discovering new missions. It opens the possibility of letting players do meaningful things in between missions/combat.\n\nI should make a note of saying, that these features are really just suggestions. I'm not sure a game would work with necessarily all of them implemented at once. It's just ideas for making the game more interesting and exiting.\n\nSo what do you think?"
lo2qqi,I have some ideas that may be very controversial.,"I recently had an idea for a survival game. I know, super exciting.  But I do want to create some differences from other survival heavy hitters like Rust and Minecraft. There's one idea I have that I think is interesting but also might rub a lot of people the wrong way. Potentially millions of people if it were to be implemented in a popular survival game.\n\nThe enemies in this game would be goblins. They're kinda dumb but sentient creatures with free will nonetheless. This controversial game mechanic would be players having the option to enslave goblins. Like strip them of their weapons and armor and make them harvest crops and mine for resources. You'd have to feed them and keep guards on watch duty so they won't revolt. \n\nHow do you guys think this would go over today especially with America's dark history and the current political climate and social commentary surrounding racism and blm? Should I just scrap this idea?"
lo2l6s,Fighting Game Concept: Trichophilia Tussle (WIP NAME),"Concept: Basically a fighting game where a bunch of unique long haired women are given the chance to enter a friendly fighting tournament and prove themselves worthy of a magical hairbrush. Legend has it that it will do something magical to your hair. Many from both the sides of good and evil will enter, only one will win.\n\nGeneric plot, I know but it's not really a story centric game. This is just a fun fighting game concept I've had for a while that's just meant to be a funny idea. Basically the best way I can describe this game is Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat for those who love long hair.\n\nList of character ideas\n\nMähne Kämpfer: The Ryu of this game, a very skilled martial artist who just seeks strong foes and cares not for the brush, even if her hair grows super long and super fast in less than a day. Possesses a pretty standard fighting game moveset inspired by the likes of Ryu, Ken, Chun Li, and Sakura with some elements of Shantae as well, using her hair for some attacks obviously.\n\nRapunzel Schlösser: Inspired by multiple incarnations of Rapunzel, this is more like a composite Rapunzel with a few aspects of the original, Disney's Tangled, Rapunzel's Revenge, and more. Moveset is more of a master of long ranged physical attacks with her long magical hair, but they have some start and end lag at the cost of that disjoint. She also has a short ranged but heavy damage dealing Frying Pan.\n\nHoney Hive: A Girl with bee-like features and powers. Has an army of bees are her command that live in her beehive hairdo like it was a real beehive as they have so much honey in it that it grows back very quickly. Attacks are mostly based on summoning a swarm of bees to do small damage over time and honey, helped by her possessing some power over nature as she can create plant-life anywhere on any surface. Usually making flowers for her and her bees to make honey from. Also can attack with her stinger and fly with her wings for a good aerial attack game.\n\nTressé Perruque: A short haired boxer girl (Note: Short compared to everyone else) who enters to prove her skills to the world, braided bunches of real hair into her own hair to allow enter the tournament since it’s long haired girls only. Uses the boxing style known as Savate, a French kickboxing combat sport that uses the hands and feet as weapons combining elements of English boxing with graceful kicking techniques. While she’s a master of close quarters rushdown combat with incredible speed, she’s not used to fighting with long hair, which tends to throw her off a bit. If cut, it doesn’t grow back instead she becomes much faster in both movement and attack speed, though this is temporary as she will pull off the cut braid and braid it back into her hair, making her one of the few characters who is immune to the negative hair effects and one who actually gets a benefit from her hair getting cut off.\n\nMagia Capillum: An adult magical witch. Possesses an amazing variety of magical spells, but she hasn’t learned any actual offensive spells besides some wind spells spells, forcing her to use a bunch of misc spells in unconventional ways and they have some downsides, like summoning a barrier around her foe to trap them for a moment, but it halves the damage they take as long as the barrier remains up. Like most witches, her power comes from her long hair which she can grow at will.\n\nDame Godiva: A female paladin knight with incredibly long messy hair who has fought many battles and comes from a lineage of long haired paladins known for their extreme hair growth gene. She fights using a dull wooden sword and a wooden shield (as a less lethal replacement for her sharp metal sword and her heavy metallic shield). A very tanky fighter, but one that’s not impossible to get around.\n\nKosy Zamki: A former russian female soldier who has very long fast growing hair due to a failed experimental serum that was supposed to make her stronger, which it did to a very small extent. She was a master of both versions of Sambo (Army training and sports/wrestling versions) and decided to combine her training with her newfound hair power to create a style of combat based on grappling to create a deadly long range grappling type fighter by using her braided hair like a whip, lasso, and/or rope.\n\nDJ Fro: A Dancer and DJ for a nightclub called “The Tower” with a very big afro as big as her love for Disco. As it turns out, like how music makes a plant grow faster and healthier, music made Fro’s hair grow into her large thick afro, to the point where it has absorbed so much disco, it just grows back quickly. Her fighting style would be best described as something similar to Wii Fit Trainer in Smash Bros, using the power of disco to fight and attack her opponents. As well as attacking with her afro in a few moves.\n\nDr. Makrýs Tréses: A very brilliant teen scientist who was trying to give herself rapid hair growth because her best friend who she has a crush on has a long hair fetish, it accidentally gave her prehensile hair that she has full control over instead. Has a few moves inspired by Millia Rage and Filia. Not very strong physically as she has the lowest amount of health or defense but her hair is very powerful and deadly.\n\nHuíyīn Dòushì: Mähne’s best friend who also has her hair grow very long very fast in a single day which is how they met and became friends when they learned that they shared very similar interests. While not a master of martial arts she learned how to perform a few of her friend’s techniques to an extent and did take a few classes for karate. Her fighting style is best summarized as, if Mähne is the Ryu of this game, then Huíyīn is somehow both the Ken Masters and Dan Hibiki. She looks like a joke version of Mähne with worse versions of her special attacks but she has a lot of taunts and some unique abilities. Though her attack power is worse than Mähne’s, both her movement speed and attack speed as well as her durability are much higher than Mähne. She can also jump farther by taunting in mid-air and has a dodge roll technique.\n\nKyōsei Kankei: A very shy young adult teen girl who accidentally got her hair possessed and merged with a demon girl named Kotsída who is known by her kind for her long hair and incredible power, she was trying to escape Musafif Alshaer. Both her and Kotsída decided to become friends that can benefit off each other. Kotsída feeds off the power stored in her hair, while in return she helps her win the brush in the tournament. Her fighting style is more inspired by JoJo HFTF stand users gameplay style, being both a stance and puppet fighter with a few moves inspired by Filia, Venom, etc.\n\nMétallique Coiffeuse: A robotic girl built to be as close to human as possible and is still learning. She was made to be a hair care stylist and was given long hair that is just like the real deal, even being able to grow it out quickly so she can try different hairstyles out on herself of varying length. She has a bunch of hair care based attacks and can even use chemicals to weaken her opponents hair attacks in various ways.\n\nBosses who would need to be balanced for playable use\n\nMusafif Alshaer: An ancient demonic monster posing as a professional hairstylist. Has an insatiable desire to cut and/or shave long haired women that whenever she can because she feeds off the magical power and memories stored in the hair. Because she’s the one responsible for styling most of the fighters hair to make sure they’re all untangled, she fights like a composite character with attacks from almost all the playable fighters (With the exception of Tressé Perruque). Her fight is very easy due to her being a straightforward fighter who tends to tunnel vision, she also has many attacks based on her hair stylist nature taken to an extreme thanks to the monster nature. Most moves are designed to weaken hair based attacks or outright cut their hair short temporarily.\n\nKami: The goddess of hair herself and the final boss of arcade mode. A very cheap boss reminiscent of the SNK bosses among others. Possesses incredibly long hair that she can control like tentacles and a plethora of magical attacks like a screen clearing magic wave, regeneration with a full meter, and more.\n\nFeel free to give me feedback, ideas for other characters, and more. Please don't take this super seriously."
lo1n98,Foraging Simulator,"I want to spawn in the forest with basic gardening tools. I want to learn where to look for certain plants when I forage, their names, effects, if their edible etc I also think it'd be fun to make recipes like teas, healing aloe balms etc. You could get crazy realistic and informative with it if you wanted to and I would be all here for it. I would like to be able to actually harvest, make cuttings and plant them at my cottage or grow a whole new food forest that's made up of native flora and is cohesive with the animal life."
lnvg6q,Slavery/Civil war as the forefront of a game?,"I'm just throwing this out there but I have never seen a true successful intepretation of slavery in a video game. If I were to make a game, all the countries would be made up but continue to have some of the timelines and events that have happened in the past in realtime. Slavery of africans would still be one of the events that is present in this alternative universe.  What would the opinion be on a game about an escaping slave roaming through a now ""Civil War"" esque world. There would be other elements such as creatures and other factions that rise later but that's pretty much the lore of the story. I'm just asking if slavery/the civil war as a background would be something a player would  have some interest in playing through. We can have a civil discussion abou t this topic without any hate hopefully."
lns17p,"Among us, but Detective show","Ever seen the Korean variety show; runningman or Busted!—\n\nThat, but among us style.\n\n♧I'm talking about little games that everyone plays, while there's a ""murder or phantom thief case"" going on in the background.\n\nGoal: find criminal or finish games\n\nSounds fun, right?  Let me know what you think."
lnnsuh,Need culture suggestions for a rpg idea,So I am working on a concept for a rpg where there are multiple fictional races with thier own distinct cultures. I want to have them loosely based on different cultures and mythologies to give them a more relatable feel. I wanted to represent maybe some interesting and obscure cultures that I maybe haven't heard about. So if you know of or are apart of a culture that is not common or widely known I would love to hear about them. By the way the different races live in all sorts of different areas a d climate so feel free to suggest a wide range! :) \nThank you all and I look forward to your suggestions.
lnlmyi,Killshot golf,"This is a turn based golf battle game. One player takes a turn trying to hit the other with their golf shot. If they hit, it's a ""KILL SHOT"" and the other player is defeated. If they miss, they are teleported to where the golf ball lands, and it is the other person's turn."
lnigb6,Just A Totally Legitimate Question,"So I just stumbled upon this subreddit and I absolutely love the idea, this gives people the ability to express their creativity without having to go through the process of making the games themselves.\n\nHowever, I do have a question about the people picking up these ideas.\n\nAre you guys/gals picking up the person along with the idea?, or just taking the idea itself and forgetting who came up with it? I have a ton of ideas I could share here and will probably be doing so in the future for other people to possibly use, but there are a couple of ideas I would love to be a part of the development of them.\n\nI understand just taking the idea itself if the creator has nothing to truly offer in development, other than being there, but what if they have some skills, just not enough to do it themselves? \n\nMe personally, I'm a creative writer and plan on learning some c# soon so I could help with both storyline/dialogue and hopefully some of the scripting eventually.\n\nJust some thoughts I had, what do you think? Should the creator of the idea be a part of the development of it? Or do you think posting in this sub relieves them of all rights to the idea?"
ln9z1t,First person jungel shooter,"So i had this idea for a first person shooter but you play as different amphibians in a temple/jungle area. Each race (Tree frog, rattlesnake, toad, gecko, ect) has different stats like health and speed, one passive ability like climbing or no footsteps and one ability you need to activate like a super jump or camouflage. You will be able to carry two weapons at a time and the weapons are far from normal. From snake launchers to a nut gatling gun I want the guns to feel unique. I want the gameplay to be fast sorta like titanfall with hyper aggressive game play. I like the idea of having the target be a ball that you need to take to your goal so 90% of a game is spent in high speed cases and bullet dodging trying to shoot down whomever has the ball. Of course making a competitive shooter is obviously hard for indie developers so this idea is one of the most unlikely to be turned to reality."
ln8jnq,An idea for a carrion style scp 106 game,"Alright, after playing carrion, I now have a need for more games of the style and I thought that the scp universe would work great with the gameplay style. (A dev with relatively good scp knowledge would be optimal for this)\n\nSo I think it would be really cool if it was a rogue like where you played as 106 trying to escape the facility. He would have the abilities described in it’s file, going through walls, causing decay and pulling people into its pocket dimension(it would be super cool if you could actually control the dimension and shape as you see fit rather than the kind of lame room with a few corridors in most scp games). Perhaps instead of gaining new abilities throughout the game(if you can figure out a way to make that work in 106’s lore be my guest) you could instead cause containment breaches of other scps, thinning the foundation’s forces out making them easier to deal with. The main way of dealing with enemies would be pulling them into your pocket dimension and killing them there, or maybe you could implement a way to torture them i to fighting for you(maybe if they already have knowledge of what 106 does you could simply threaten them into fighting for you). As far as a “health” system goes, maybe it could simply be like its energy, dying when it becomes too tired too keep going and resist the femur breaker. You could also regain energy by “feeding” on humans (how this occurs will differ depending on how detailed you want the pocket dimension to be)  I feel like recontainment would be a good “death” system in this game since 106 can’t really die. The roguelike aspect would be there for lore reasons, as usually after feeding 106 enters a state of inactivity when recontained, which would be plenty of time for the foundation to fix a breach. \n\nAny devs who are willing to pick this up, if you want more ideas I will provide them."
ln6uit,SCP game like X-COM,"So I got this idea while ago and now constantly thinking about it. So there global SCP coordinated attack and humanity fights back and funds SCP headquarters to hire bunch of  scientist, military personnel to research, study and defeat waves of increasing threads. So in core mechanics players should establish network of labs and do recruiting, base management, fight missions, mini-games like piloting fight craft to bring down breached SCP and later perform ground operations of capture and/or eliminating.\n\nI already thought about few design elements and more and I think more I like that idea. As for actual combat, it will be third person view for tactical moves, but actual combat ( shoot, throw grenade, cure etc) will be FPS. I may also decide to make this VR title. What are your thoughts guys?"
ln6nys,3rd Person Gritty Post Apocalyptic Freedom Evolving RPG,"I love open world games and the post apocalyptic genre. While there are a number of games that fit the bill, none of them feel just right. So here are just some things I'd like to see. \n\nStart by letting the player create their character. Use a gritty combat system similar to The Last of Us, put it in a open world designed using an engine like Red Dead Redemption / GTA, with a choice based system like in Fallout New Vegas where you can shape the events of the world.\n\nI like 3rd person for this because when you make a character it always loses value to if you can only see them in a cut scene. Customization of face, clothing and equipment to have a look you want only to rarely see it defeats the purpose IMO.\n\nThe Last of Us combat is what I reference because the PC and NPCs really are giving their everything to survive. That bottle on the ground, can be a distraction in the corner or a weapon, creative use of carrying capacity and crafting whatever you can to help you survive while every fight feels harsh and brutal.\n\nRed Dead Redemption and GTA are the open world I reference, because the world is always fun to travel. Horse, car or helicopter allows you to get from A to B with speed and the places you travel to, through and from are properly populated and react to the mayhem the player causes. The fallout games really lack here IMO because you go to the biggest city in the region and it will only have 20 inhabitants and your choices of travel are limited to either slowly running to your destination or jumping across the world with fast travel. Also, going based on the online aspect, co op would be amazing. Have your friend join into the same world you have been shaping would be a lot of fun.\n\nFallout New Vegas is what I reference for choice making, because you can pretty choose how everything ends for you and everyoneone else. You, the player, get to choose what factions you like and don't, who wins, loses, survives, flourishes and more. \n\nFor the RPG aspect, the player character itsself gets better as it uses different skills, but there is no level up, no notification saying you've unlocked a feat and no bar saying how far you've progressed with your efficiency. When you make your character, you choose a boost in a few skills and after that the player and character have to learn The more the character uses a skill, the more efficient it becomes. \n\nExamples: You go into melee combat often. The first time you try to parry an attack, the number/ types of attacks you can successfully parry are limited and can still possibly stagger you. As your character gains more experience using these actions, ""it becomes more natural"" and what might have just deflected the attack in the beginning will eventually turn into the character immediately following up with a devastating counter.\nReloading or clearing a jam in your gun, starts off slow with your character's inexperience. But after going through 100 magazines your character will learn how to do it more quickly and efficiently. \nDialogue choice will evolve with how many people you talk to and your reputation, giving the player more choices of what to say depending on how practiced they are in dealing with others, so that as the player feels more confident in the world the character also reflects that. \nBartering should evolve with what your character is able to bring in and sell and how much they buy. Reflected by vendors recognizing that they'd rather give better deals to the guy who brings in good equipment for sales and is likely to come back to spend more money at a time. Big spendor gets preferred treatment.\nUse similar leveling to enhance length of time the character can sprint, how much weight he can carry, how quickly he can scavenge useful parts from a vehicle and everything else.\n\nI've had ideas for story as well, but I just felt I wanted to write down and share the concept that has been in my head and I found this subreddit."
ln4vbk,(Licensed) Transformers Battle Royale in the same vein as the High Moon Studios’ Cybertron series,"A BR would be the perfect grounds for a Transformers game, given the methods of traversal, classes for the transformers, and the nature of what transformers do, scan their surroundings and adapt technology to their makeup. Would be a wicked BR clash up of Twisted Metal, Uncharted, and Battlefield.\n\nUsually BR’s have a gimmick to distinguish themselves, such as building in Fortnite, traversal in Hyper Scape, or Legends in Apex. \nBut the Transformers would be able to play all of these aspects up a notch and create a more distinguished platform for a BR experience especially if gameplay plays out like High Moon Studio’s Cybertron games where you can create your own Transformer Autobot or Decepticon and choose a class + Vehicle to play with.\nIn a BR you could find Vehicles to put into your traversal mode slot, and weapons to attach to your arms (I.e. A.A., infantry weapons, ordinance and covert weapons). A fully thought out combative experience and you’re already have a unique multiplayer shooter experience.\n\nJust slept in the idea last night and got pretty giddy about it this morning."
ln2uk3,Looking for a twist game mechanic for three-in-libe type of games,"I had and idea for a three in line type game, but kinda didn't worked out.\n\ni thought instead the regular candy/fruit/gems/etc.. use 'elements' as water, air, fire, electricity, metal, etc.., and once you make a line of 3 or more, these elements could interact with the other elements around,\n\nLet's say fire make water air (steam), so you change make a longer line of air elements, another example it's electricity, a line of electricity can interact with water or metal, if there is another electricity element around the water or the metal elements it can disappear nearby electricity elements.\n\nBut the problem is how could the other elements could interact with everything else?\n\ni thought something like air can put out fire without the need of have other 2 fire elements around.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nNeed opinions if this game mechanic is interesting/ could be fun."
lwfzxg,A war table game where you don't control armies but their loyalty,"Not sure if this type of game exist already but i always wanted to play as a strategist who sits at the war table in the capital city, moving piece figures on order of who and where to fight, but not directly fighting in the game. Essentially the mechanics would be listed as this.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou control a war table with the maps terrain to direct your commanders\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEach commander of your army controls a division of soldiers. They all have different traits, soldiers and personalities.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nyou can order your commanders to do certain task, such as defending a village, pillaging it, attacking nearby armies, burning down crop fields, recruiting peasants, ect. You only can assign one task to each commander and most tasks takes multiple turns to accomplish.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYour commanders do not need to follow your orders if their loyalty bar is too low. If you fail a loyalty check, they will choose their own task, regardless of the consequences. If it's low enough, they can even commit treason. Other things commanders can possibly do is break diplomacy deals, start a war, retire.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou constantly stay in touch with your commanders everyday so they may voice their opinion of a matter or help to solve a grudge or issue. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nyou can talk alliances, trades, embargo, wars with other kingdoms\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nrandom weather and luck based events on specific terrain pieces of the war table\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe commanders loyalty bar is affected by fortunate/unfortunate events, weather, terrain control, resources monopolies, pillaging/protecting villages, starting wars or alliances, ignoring/solving his voiced opinions and complaints and specific traits they may have.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEnd game would ultimately be full unification, from diplomacy or force and your ruler being anointed as supreme emperor. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIt's a little unpolished of an idea, but i think it has some value to it. Just the idea of making long tough war strategies, knowingly that the choices you make will either make a commander become a trustworthy follower or backstabber really sound interesting to me. The best way i can describe this game is as if Civilization 5, Reigns and Football Manager 2018 had a baby lol. Any thoughts? and what would you change/add/get rid of?"
lwfsxr,"A war table game where you don't control the armies, but their loyalty instead","Not sure if this type of game exist already but i always wanted to play as a strategist who sits at the war table in the capital city, moving piece figures on a directions who and where to fight, but not directly fighting in the game. Essentially the mechanics would be listed as this.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou control a war table with the maps terrain to direct your commanders\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEach commander of your army controls a division of soldiers. They all have different traits, soldiers and personalities.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nyou can order your commanders to do certain task, such as defending a village, pillaging it, attacking nearby armies, burning down crop fields, recruiting peasants, ect. You only can assign one task to each commander and most tasks takes multiple turns to accomplish.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYour commanders do not need to follow your orders if their loyalty bar is too low. If you fail a loyalty check, they will choose their own task, regardless of the consequences. If it's low enough, they can even commit treason. Other things commanders can possibly do is break diplomacy deals, start a war, retire.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou constantly stay in touch with your commanders everyday so they may voice their opinion of a matter or help to solve a grudge or issue. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nyou can talk alliances, trades, embargo, wars with other kingdoms\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nrandom weather and luck based events on specific terrain pieces of the war table\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe commanders loyalty bar is affected by fortunate/unfortunate events, weather, terrain control, resources monopolies, pillaging/protecting villages, starting wars or alliances, ignoring/solving his voiced opinions and complaints and specific traits they may have.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEnd game would ultimately be full unification, from diplomacy or force and your ruler being anointed as supreme emperor. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIt's a little unpolished of an idea, but i think it has some value to it. Just the idea of making long tough war strategies, knowingly that the choices you make will either make a commander become a trustworthy follower or backstabber really sound interesting to me. The best way i can describe this game is as if Civilization 5, Reigns and Football Manager 2018 had a baby lol. Any thoughts? and what would you change/add/get rid of?"
lu75vj,a game inside a game inside a game inside a game inside a...,"so basically, your character has managed to get themself embedded ass deep in a meta rabbithole, stuck in a game within a game within a game within a game within a game with a etc. every game world is a different genre of game, and eacyh one beaten gets you closer to the real world. maybe at the end of the game the character realises theyre still in a game, and that they were never in the real world in the first place"
lu30ge,GDDs and Game Ideas,
lu2n4c,What a tool,"You play as A.K.M an Awesome Killing Machine. Your master is in some serious debt, don't fail him or you will be disposed of.\n\nAt first you don't control your camera or your movements but you have to help your master kill his targets. At first you are a ""simple"" silenced pistol, but over time you can upgrade yourself and become many tools to help kill people. You can become a drone, grapple hook, sniper, or a shield. Using your different forms you will go through increasingly difficult places to eliminate the target.\n\nTo choose what tool you become you use a wheel of options to switch which form you become\n\nYou interact with stuff you use a crosshair. For example, you use it to aim and shoot. Kinda like going through a whole bunch of ""quick time events"". When you use the shield the cross hair becomes a shield, if you hide someone with the shield they can't shoot you\n\nWhen you get turned into the drone the game becomes a point and click stealth game. You gain as much info as you can about the place, in a set time period. If you are seen by a guard you will be destroyed\n\nYou interact with your master with a visual novel kinda system, if you don't gain enough info about certain things you won't be able to talk to him about it. For example if you don't learn about the guard in the hall you won't be able to warn him about the guard, leaving him in a bad situation.\n\nAt the end, you try to kill the mob boss so you can be free of your debt. No matter what you do you will be overwhelmed by the amount of people attacking you. From there, there are two endings. The bad ending has your master getting killed by the mob boss, while you are taken and used to cause mass massacres around the city.\n\nTo get the ""good ending"" you have to have a close relationship to your master so you can unlock the choice to, ""Defend at all cost"". You turn into a drone and create a mini gun to shoot everyone around your master. All the stress causes you to explode into shards of scrap metal. Your master is able to get away with only a shot to the arm and leg.\n\nDepending on the ending you got, your master or the\n mob boss will end the game saying ""What a tool""\n\nI got this from a dream so ehhhhh. Yet another game idea that is probably impossible but whatever."
lu0si6,Acting career simulation,"You're an actor or actress and you will be able to play in movies, ads and theatre plays.\nThe game world procedurally generate fellow actors of all ages that will act in those and you could act together with some of them.\nBasic plots, scenes and characteristics of movies are also procedurally generated. The industry must feel alive and producing stuff regardless of your indivial success.\n\nAt the beginning You will have to pick careful what audition to attend, have an alternative job to pay rent and bills ( but if you are busy working at a certain time you won't be able to make it for an audition).\n\nEach gig you can get has a set of requirements, fame, genre skills, phisical appearance, so it's not easy to pick the right ones and it's not easy to be picked for one.\nBut once things start to go well you can afford to hire an agent to deal with finding more suitable jobs or other issues you might have.(addictions, scandals etc)\n\nInvesting time into socials, events, fan base and gossip is required later on to increase your fame and have access to high budget movies.\n\n""Acting cards""\nYour performance will be impacted by how well you match your available acting cards with the one required in the specific scene. A brilliant performance requires more acting cards. Acting cards are available, to be found and collected when buying items, studying, meeting and acting with other actors etc."
lts0zr,Your ideas for a mobile game,"Hey !\n\nPost here your best ideas for a mobile game !  \nIt can be a clicker, tycoon, casual game or a more complex game like a puzzle game, rpg, etc...\n\nPlease post origial ideas :)\n\nThanks in advance !"
ltrz1x,VR Superhero Alchemy,"\nIn this VR game you combine and level up superpowers as you face other players or waves of robots, aliens, zombies, etc.\n\n\nImagine you choose a base power like fire that starts at level 1. \nLevel 1 would give you a limited fire based skill set that would get stronger as you fight waves to advance to level 2. \nAt the advance of level 2 you unlock another base power like water.\nNow you have the option of fighting the waves at either level 1 water or level 2 fire.\n\n\nAlso included in the game would be a lab where you can combine powers to unlock a new one.\nIn the lab you could combine the fire power with the water one and make a smoke type power for you to level up. (Example)\n\n\nIf you’ve played any alchemy game than you know that it can get really deep and fleshed out as you combine elements to make new ones. In virtual reality i think it would be really cool to see the powers in action. Multiplayer would be fun as you fight other players with powers that you’ve never seen before and come up with strategies to win.\n\n\nI also would include some type of random way for you to unlock other powers that you couldn’t combine to get. (Like speed or flight)\n\n\nIdk I kind of just thought of this on the spot so there may be another game like this. Either way let me know what you think or anything you would add or change."
ltpzld,Surfacers,"This game is made in a universe where all other game universes exists, like a multiverse.\nMain character: Mack Sharky (not kidding)\nThe story unfolds according to my gaming career. A lonely Summit Striker (Fortnite) who has no other weapons than a Prismarine Trident (Minecraft) and a sheild made of a sea turtle shell (OC). Guided by the Shark God (still thinking of the appearance), Mack acquires npc teammates through the game, like a gunslinger raptor-person Koatl, a Hamster in a small robotic suit (idk the name), and Clever, who is basically a Fortnite Headhunter skin with (insert melee ability) and much more others. The characters are all real life teammates I fought with in game. While the game is goofy, the storyline is colder than the entire Souls franchise, ending with the protagonist waking up on a restraining bed in a run-down lab, realizing that it was nothing but a simulation at the end of the world, putting all humans in hibernation in a virtual reality. He explores the chambers, finding his friends not yet awake in the same type of bed, Clever remains a human as she was already one, but other animalish characters are indeed human. The ending was either to leave the VR and wake up, or stay in it, to bask in the beautiful, whimsical lie, or embrace the brutal, thorn-filled truth. Isekai game to be honest. Pretty depressing."
ltpo23,Suggestion: Path of Titans Panjura Battlegrounds (Battle Royale),"Game consists of humanoid dinos (basically humans with dino heads, feet and tails) competing for dominance in a vicious Battle Royale. This League style game has a complex lore and playstyle, with different characters wielding different kits. Set in a semi-futuristic world with a Valorant-ish art style, with modes such as:\nTeam Deathmatch, 7 vs 7, infinite respawns, kills cap at 70\nHostage rescue, 10 players to rescue and secure the hostage from the 8 captors, infinite respawns\nFree for All, self explanatory, 10 players, infinite respawns, kills cap at 30, top five players ""win""\nThis game requires significant funding, will be nice to see Riot Games collab with Alderon Games."
ltl5lp,"if you had all the money and time to make an MMO, what would you make?",
ltisgk,Hair Fetish themed Fighting Game Concept: Trichophilia Tussle (WIP NAME),[deleted]
ltiauw,Texas Hold'em Rogue-like,"A game where you're dealt a pocket hand and enemies can have a number of cards based on how strong they are and the player can have a range of cards off level-ups (think cheating in red dead redemption where you can swap out your cards). Power ups can include seeing what cards an enemy has, reshuffling your hand, auto changing your hand to a winning hand say an enemy draws a three of a kind reshuffle your hand to a fullhouse. (one-hit KO for an enemy). High level bosses could ""Run it twice"" for the second phase. But you choose to stack powerups onto your hand to take on stronger enemies.. that way when you have to fight 3-4 hands back to back you can use your 4x4 powerup forcing you to have quads.. or you got the mythic rare item that hits a royal flush for a free boss hand."
lth83b,Horror Game,So this can be a single horror game or multiple depending how it is done. The settings would be the most haunted places around the world. The story could tell the ones of previous people's experiences in that location. I feel like this would give people the chance to see these places that are to scared to or simply cannot.
ltgdvm,Gathering ideas for a survival type game on Mars,"     So as of right now the only thing I know about my game is that it has something to do with the player surviving on Mars. \n\n     It could be because of an accident, or maybe they are the first person on the red planet. I need some ideas of gameplay elements and mechanics that can be brought into this, maybe even story/lore wise. \n\n     I was also thinking that base building could be a big part of this game. Think of a game like Subnautic. \n\nAny ideas are welcome :)"
ltfvb5,A inverted galaxy exploration game,"So while recently watching a video on r/oddlysatisfying a post by u/tilltheend0ftime came up about an opal. The commentator remarked on how it was inverted with ground on the outside and sky in the inside. My brain immediately started thinking of how a solar system would work if roles switched. So let’s get into the main parts.\n\nYou start off with one Orb, I don’t know what to call it, where life has evolved into consciousness. Life is like earth but you know, there’s no sun. Don’t ask about breathing because I haven’t fully thought about it but I’m thinking the large oceans have something that solve that. Anyway the reason why the whole place doesn’t freeze is because orbs are usually surrounded by a material that acts as insulation. This is a substitute for an atmosphere and digging into it is like creating a hole in the ozone layer. Luckily this protection goes very deep so you can still dig up resources in the ground without causing mass extinction.\n\nPlants and animals glow, not to the point of mimicking a sun but to a point of being able to see. The premise of the game is to build up and to expand until you can’t fit in your Orb and have to dig to a new one. You can’t just dig Willy nilly thought, remember the insulation. You will have to build a sonar type Device to find out where to dig and how far then dig up your insulation to create a insulated tunnel all the way to it. You have to hope that that Orb has insulation because if it doesn’t well it’s basically a lost cause. Of course you could create your own orbs but you need a good supply of insulation to make it.\n\nMoons are replaced by small orbs but are already connected to the main orb. So if a Orb like Jupiter exists it would have a lot of small orbs connected back to the main one, course that’s just an example an would not happen. Stars are now replaced by big magma pockets that generate heat instead of loosing it.\n\nThis is just a small daydream I had and thought it was good enough to share, thanks for reading."
ltfd7x,Spirit Bowman,"A lone Bowman seeks a forest spirit (shaped like a deer) to revive his dead wife. Survive in a procedurally generated world, hunting and foraging to eat as you track the forest spirit down. Craft arrows and new bows as you explore, eventually collecting special items from each biome to craft a mystic arrow. With this you have a chance to catch the spirit and grant your wish. I am imagining controlling the character from above, and really zooming out so you can see animals from far away, hide in grass, and use cover while you are hunting. But I guess the concept would work from first person perspective as well"
ltey6v,Things you dislike from game genres you like,"The point of this thread it's to get an idea of what other players dislike about their favorite game genre and take those ideas to create a concept either to make it better or rework that very thing.\n\ni'm posting mine as example:\n\nFPS\n\n* *Guns that feel &amp; look like a toy:* unless it about toys gunfighting then it doesn't apply, since the first doom, i think it's outdated the idea of small guns doing little damage, the pistol becomes useless the moment you get another weapon. In Return to Wolfenstein Castle, and Wolfenstein: New Order, did an amazing job for giving an use for the 'low' damage weapons."
ltesiy,Game Where I can Make in-game money doing real-life based things like gambling. (not real money),This one has legal pitfalls that need to be addressed but it's quite simple.\n\nIt doesn't matter what your game is about only that you need resources.\n\nLet me earn those resources by doing a bunch of different things. Gambling for one. (No real money!)  Let me bet on something.  Let me play the stock market.  Let me write a post on reddit and base the resources I receive on the upvotes I get.  Lock it into specific reddits so I can't just create my own sub and start adding  posts etc...\n\nThis has sort of been utilized in games where you make assets and sell them to other people (roblox comes to mind) but there should be many ways to do it.  Not reliant on the game.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nLet me practice solving programming problems on hackerrank in order to gain resources in your game.  Let me do an udemy course for the same.  Incentivize things I already want to do but which gains me benefits in your game.
ltenz2,A Game Where You Play Other Games,"This is more a game about games.  \n\n\nI'd love to see a meta ladder.  \n\n\nMatchmake for me. Find someone near my level.  Then, through a series of choices of the type of game to play, we play one of the many, many games out there.  This game utilizes a library which allows the game to create a specific set of circumstances for the two players to play versus each other.  \n\n\nThe winner goes up in rank, like a typical mmr ladder.  \n\n\nThe biggest issues are getting the game makers to use your library and finding games both players own.  \n\n\nThe second issue is solved by the new game streaming services.  \n\n\nMitigation for the first issue is that you look for games that already allow you to call the game from the command line.  I'm positive there are some out there. I don't know which ones  \n\n\nFor single player games, you don't need a direct competition.  Use Super Mario Bros. for example.  The software loads each player into World 2-3.  They play through the world, seperately.  Their results are reported back to the metagame software where their time and coins are scored and whoever has the best score, wins the matchup."
lteiw3,"Utilizing Esports, Sports, Stocks etc... Statistics to Generate In-Game Content","What a terrible title, nobody will read this.  \n\n\nI have never played fantasy football but that's where the idea comes from.  \n\n\nMove away from real sports to Esports.  That's one possibility. So, create your esports team and it does well based on the real players.  \n\n\nOr, use the history of a stock as to seed data for a random world generator.  \n\n\nOr, use the current wins/losses of a specific esports player the player of your game has selected in order to determine whether the player receives a bonus or not each day.  \n\n\nIt doesn't have to be sports data, just real world available data."
ltcwuo,Anyone here using data to help coming up with ideas?,I’m working on a web-app called [Appsedia](https://appsedia.com/landing) that collects review and social media data from players and analyzes them for insights. I’m trying to figure out who else might be interested in using these data insights.\n\nI used to work in the game industry as well for 5 years and always played games to learn about new mechanics which helped me to work on mew ideas. Would other player’s online discussions about what they liked or not would help you on you ideas?
ltbibh,Hell 2 Pay,"Coop game 2 characters, character creation for both. Can still play a lot of it in single player and level up on your own, but main storyline is coop.\n\nBoth are souls/demons In hell. Special in that they both managed to keep a more humanoid form in hell, which is uncommon. They are brought together for whatever reason.\n\nBoth are new in hell and start out living on a home layer of hell, 1st layer, where if they are torn apart they are pieced back together at ""home.""\n\nThey can leave first layer of hell whenever they want (going downto lower levels, all the way to 9 and not necessarily Dante style hell), however highly recommended to wait until strong enough to survive.\n\nBoth make choices throughout story to decide individual stories. Can romance eachother or others. Can remain allies to the very end or become worst enemies. Redemption story or Conquerer of hell.\n\nPerk tree based on 7 deadly sins. Examples: \n\n	Wrath perks focus on more damage and destruction. \n\n	Sloth perks increase Luck, gaining more experience for less work. \n\n	Lust perks increase charisma and adds dialogue options.\n\nCertain Events will play out differently based on points in each Sin, based on Dice rolls mechanic. Depending on level cap, use a dice of that many sides. If you roll below your Sin score, character may make decision or instance happen automatically. A character with high wrath may jump into combat based off dialogue. A lucky sloth character may have an upward wind blow them back onto a ledge if they'd have otherwise fallen to their death. Not Always good, not always bad.\n\nFast paced action. Think Prototype but with Demons in Hell instead of Infected in New York. Free Roam for both characters, some quests can be done solo while others, all main story lines, require both characters to be together. \n\nCharacter customization continues throughout game with weapons, armor and even choosing appearance and style of Devil Transformation. Could be a Agile character in normal form that turns into a large slow brute in Devil Form, vice versa or whatever you want."
lt8sii,"a racing game where you are driving down an on average vertical cliff face, of an endless hole into the ground, and the only way for you to stick to the ground is centrifugal force of driving around in spirals etc of the oddly shaped hole",
lt8ctm,Community Project: ♤MADE♧REAL◇,"With all this recent talks about breakthroughs in technology (gaming tech of course) I felt inspired to ""design"" a game with equal greatness.\n\n○If not, close.\n\n♤In short, this post is to get others; as a collective, to help create a ""joint"" concept idea.\n\n¤ SO with that, lets vote on what type of game the community wants¤\n\n•For me, it'll have to have a multiplayer of some kind; not full, just as an option•\n\nComment down below on what you think it should be."
lt7cm3,Rocket Interceptor RTS,"The player will take the role of coordinating the air defenses of a nation under attack by strategic bombers using late 1940's technology. Specifically the player will be coordinating the launch, intercept and recovery of Vertical Launch Rocket Interceptors (VLRI's) like the Bachem Ba 349 Natter. In real life these were a late WW2 innovation that never went anywhere due to diminishing industrial capacity and lack of pilots. However this game will take place in a fictional setting so we can disregard those pesky historical limitations.\n\nThe VLRI have a very short powered flight time, but can climb stupid fast, and can outrun fighters. They don't need air bases since they can launch from a tower that can be towed behind a truck and land by deploying parachutes when they get relatively close to the ground. This leads to an interesting cat and mouse dynamic where the launch and recovery teams are vulnerable on the ground to fighter attack.\n\nThe player will have a night time deployment period where they will be given an expected target and allowed to place their launch and recovery teams. Once the day starts enemy fighters and bombers will take off from their bases in enemy territory and fly towards their objectives. The player will be able to track their progress and decide when/if to launch the interceptors they hid the night before. Once launched the player will have to vector the interceptors in on their targets to make their attack and plot their exit path to get them to their recovery teams.\n\nGroups of piston driven fighters will escort the bombers and fly Combat Air Patrol (CAP) routes over the player's territory. If a fighter gets close enough to an interceptor there will be a shoot down chance. Likewise CAP fighters and escort fighters that follow the interceptors down have a chance of discovering the Launch vehicles or the recovery teams before they can get back under camouflage. Ground teams exposed during launch/recovery and interceptors on their parachute decent will be easy kills to any fighters who are in the area. So it is important for the player to plan the launch and escape paths to ensure the survival of their resources.\n\nAt the end of each day a tally will be made of Destroyed Enemy Bombers, Infrastructure damage, losses of Interceptors, Launch platforms, Recovery crews, and Pilots. The Surviving launch platforms, interceptors, and recovery crews; as well as any new equipment/crews, will be available for the next day's night time deployment phase. The air campaign will go on until a peace treaty is signed. The terms of the treaty (good / bad ending) will be determined  by bomber losses and infrastructure destroyed."
lt32ef,an idea...,what happens if there was a game about being in the perspective of a pig... A funny game considering you don't want to be eaten.
lsxuoh,Ben 10 ONLINE [My Game Idea],They should make a open world Ben 10 game called Ben 10 ONLINE were you can start a level 0 and you can slowly gain xp by doing little side missions or daily objectives and also you could party up with friends and every time you gain a few level higher you unlock a new DNA of a Alien and when you get to max level you can choose to stay at the level your at or evolve and get a new Omnitrix and the game would have 4 different Omnitrixs to earn the classic omnitrix/ the Alien Force Omnitrix/ The Ultramatrix/ and the Omnitrix from omniverse and you can find NPC to attack or you can even pick a fight with other players online to fight and destroy for XP if that was a game i would so buy it first chance i get.
lswqr2,MMO Guild Manager,"I've been wishing for a game similar to the concept of sports managers (Football manager), but in a MMO world. You start of as a single guy who creates a guild and recruits new people, you go on to clear the most simple dungeons and progress further and further, ending up recruting more people until you clear the most difficult content.\n\nImagine It's A Wipe (https://store.steampowered.com/app/330620/Its_A_Wipe/), but way more fledged out and detailed. I have tons of ideas for features like a general mood and trait system which leads to synergies and or problems between certain members, different ways to distribute loot, different ways of recruiting, different ways of leadership and so on."
lswlwp,a coinflip Esport Gaming,Imagine a game where your only chance of victory is literally your luck?  \n\n\nIt's simple when the game starts you have a 50% chance to win a 50% chance to lose.   \n\n\nThe ladder will be funny to see lucky people at the top and unlucky people at the bottom
lsumse,Food Fight!,"SETTING\n\nIn a universe where food can talk and have superpower, there has been an ongoing war on deciding which food reign supreme and worthy of tasting by the ever-consuming mouth in the sky.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBASIC GAMEPLAY\n\n5 on 5 turn based / auto battle using foods you have collected.\n\nYou will start out by having simple ingredients such as water, onions, flour,  banana, etc. Each having their own skill and passive. When your ingredient reach certain level, you can evolve your ingredient into a selection higher tier ingredient, such as turning flour into noodles or pastries, each also with their own skill and passives.\n\nThose Ingredients can then be combined to make Foodie Hero. For example, combining noodles with Boiled Water will create Ramen Shogun. Combining it with other ingredients as Wagyu Beef (evolved from Beef) and Premium Seaweed (evolved from Seaweed) will enhance the power of the ramen even more (giving it more Star Power)\n\nBut that's just one Hero. Having certain Hero together will give them Synergy during battle. For example, Having Captain Burger, Sushi Monk, Ramen Shogun, Viva Pizza, and Looney Fruit Juice will not give your team a synergy, but when placing Captain Burger, Mighty French Fries, Super Cola, I-Scream, and Nuggy McNuggets will give them a special Fast Food Frenzy synergy that enhance their battle powress, such as giving assisting attacks, combo attack, and powering up teammates."
lsrn88,Entomology Simulator (Bug Hunting),"You start off in your room at home with just a few bucks in your bank for gas and some supplies.. You buy the basic stuff for a day trip since that's all you can afford. \n\nYou click on your destination. hopefully you have enough money for gas! once you arrive you start your search. Specific tools allow you to search different locations. For now you can only afford to flip smaller rocks and and search on surfaces.\n\nyou find your first couple of specimens. Identify them using a comprehensive bug encyclopedia. your laptop and phone app have research missions for you to turn in research for cash. You have to properly identify the specimen to be paid. Some missions may require you to send in a specimen which would require you to have proper supplies to capture and bring them home.\n\nmake cash to upgrade your gear, more money to travel to different locations. Buy equipment to camp your locations to find creatures that only come out at night. Once you've made enough money you can pay for a plane ticket to look for research in other countries! Budgeting your cash will be very important. \n\nThe search system will be comprehensive similar to Resident Evils ""Examine"" system where you can rotate rocks and scrape away debris to see if anything is there.\n\nDanger! Not all critters are friendly and some can be require a hospital visit. Risk of getting hurt should be available. Basic survival will also be important. Food, Water, body temperature. I dont expect anyone to be building shelter or getting lost but that might be an interesting addition to the game. \n\nNavigation should be a big part as well. Basic map and compass skills are important until you can afford one of those fancy GPS units and can afford the monthly fee.\n\nendgame. well... there are almost unlimited species to be discovered. new locations and species can be regularly added to the game. But like the most popular Japanese bug hunting game Pokemon, I think the real fun is in the search!"
lspfwd,My Dream CRPG,"* The combat of Underrail\n* The story and writing of Disco Elysium\n* The emergent gameplay of Divinity: Original Sin 2\n\nI'd love to have a game that united all of the good qualities of these games, plus more.\n\nThe combat is the focus of the gameplay loop of Underrail, while dialogue is the focus for Disco Elysium. I want to make a game where failure is just as interesting as success, both in combat and dialogue.\n\nIn fact, I think it'd be pretty cool if failing is the only way to earn enough experience to advance. It'd be a tough balance to make sure that the player isn't tempted to fail on purpose just to earn XP, however.\n\nFor example, if you get a partial success on a dialogue check, instead of earning the reward that you demanded, you could earn a randomized equivalent reward, and if you failed outright, you'd earn lots of XP for the related skill and advance the story through different means.\n\nBeing locked out of content because your character wasn't skilled enough is always frustrating because the player never feels as if it was their own fault, so even if your character fails on a check, there should be a way to advance your goals in a way that solely depended on player skill, unlocked after failing the desired test.\n\nWhile I don't loathe metagaming, I'd want this game to encourage role-playing through its mechanics, so that the player would naturally end up acting naturally within the game world. That way even players who aren't usually given to role-play would end up being immersed just the same.\n\nI would love to hear your thoughts about this idea! So, thank you for reading, and I wish you all a lovely day/evening!"
lslae4,"Good World (warning, very long paragraph)","Ive had this idea for years now but when I told it to my brother he said it was trash, I was sad so I never posted it but here I go. OK so, good world is a survival open world game. You can run around, dig, set up a home, and fight off animals, but the game focuses on mining. This may seem like Minecraft but as I go on further its far from it. First you wake up in a cave with no gear and a skeleton is beside you. Your meant to take the mining helmet and pickaxe from it. After that you are taught to mine and you have to mine out of the cave. Then you have to build a base. Then you have to go back in the mine, get some blue crystals, fight off ground worms, and craft a shaft (wood and stone pull elevator that requires blue crystals). After that you have completed the tutorial.\n\n Blue crystals are power sources in the game, they can also be used as a dim light while mining. Ground worms are a threat that are a little smaller than the player and have 10 HP (the starter pic does 2 HP). Now you will start your adventure. After you have mined a bit you will eventually get a ""skull of adventure"" that will be used later on to spawn in a boss. There is also an ocean to explore, mainly ocean caves.\n\n In ocean caves there is ""oceanic crystal"" that powers machines you make underwater. After about 2 hours of gameplay you should have found the ""underground boneyard"". There you place the skull you have on the place where it looks like it should fit and a message will pop up saying ""you have awoken the beast that many have feared upon, you are **foolish**"". After this your camera will start to shake and blurry teeth will shoot out of the ground. This is the boss who is called ""shhrn"" (in the in game language, not a real one). If it was translated to earth English it would be called ""being of the eerie teeth"". To defeat this beast you have to look it in the eye by mining to expose its body. Once you have defeated this boss you will get ""shhrn's treasure"", its just a all gold chest with moderate loot like a level gem, ingot of power, a couple of lost lore journals, a picture of a family, and a gold plated wearable skull.\n\n About 25 bosses later like, the kraken, massive worm, bull dog (not earth bull dog, totally different), mother of shhrn, the alpha, the beta, and a lot more, your off to beat the game. By this point you should have at least 3 automatic mining machines, a two story mining base, and a weapon. To beat the last boss you have to have 1000 power gems, shhrns chest, and a picture of the family. First you use all 1000 gems to even be able to enter ""thrnws layer"", then you insert shhrns chest in the slot, after that hold up the picture of the family. A message in all red will pop up on your screen saying ""the hate inside you, the beast sences. The love inside you, the beast is blinded. Nothing inside you is  visible to it. Everything inside you is blue or red to it. Cold or hot you will prepare for the time that is now."" Then an all black four legged monster in the shape of a dragon mixed with a horse will appear. A tear will drain down its eye and it will scream making you drop the picture. The boss has 10000 hp, the first one had 50. To kill it you have to continualy show it the picture, this will do 100 HP per hit. When you completed the fight, the black coat of the beast will melt off and it will reveal a man standing there holding the picture smiling while a tear drop falls.\n\n You walk over to the man revealing a mirror, the beast was you. You had been controling the beast while an AI controlled you. You will notice that you have a note in your inventory, it says ""hello,\nthis is you that is writing this letter. You will forget you did but I'll explain everything. You are being sent to an island to save hamanity by finding crystals to restore power. Our family died on this island and everybody left us behind. We were consumed by emotion and turned into a beast of hate. We defeated this creature and realised it was us. We return home. *you* are stuck in a loop an eventually you will write this note and have gotten out of this loop with a new family. We are evil"" I know nobody will read this long thing 😢😢😢😢 I just wrote it for fun."
lskuqd,Marvel Battle Royale,"A Battle Royale game where teams of 3 marvel characters compete on a large map from the MCU. The game would be first person similar to Overwatch. Each character would have unique abilities and find upgrades throughout the map. Would love Valve, Blizzard or Respawn to make."
lskpyr,Battle Royale with Marvel characters,[deleted]
lsk1s5,"A permadeath, raid based, loot focused, hard core, hack and slash medieval fantasy rpg.","If the title wasn't descriptive enough, Escape From Tarkov with swords. \n\nI just submitted an idea about a VR shop keeper game where the customers were people playing an rpg which got me thinking what kind of game the customers would be playing. \n\nI don't think anything like EFT exists in a fantasy rpg settings. Something like 10-12 maps split into 3-4 biomes/themes with a hub at each where the maps would have multiple entrances and exits. Knights could team up or go it alone to enter the maps to fight AI creatures, to 6find loot and complete quests. Other teams of knights can also be on the map with their own objectives but can decide to attack if they wish. \n\nDying means losing everything on your character and having to go to the shops to get new gear."
lsjmhq,A game where different characters = different gameplay types completely.,"This may sound damn near impossible, but imagine one game where the character you play is like choosing between Doomguy, Ryu Hayabusa, Witcher 3 Geralt, the Dark Souls melee build, or a spellcaster from Dragon's Dogma. Not exclusive to just these gameplay styles or being these styles either, but just an example. Completely different genre-based characters in one game. The idea of making a game like that work somehow would be interesting. Each character aren't mechanically different on a similar way, like most games with just different strengths and weaknesses, but play completely differently in the same title."
lsibvo,A VR job simulator game where you manage a midieval fantasy shop but your customers are people playing a separate RPG.,"A game like VR job simulator but you are the shop keeper of a store which is set in fantasy world like skyrim. However, along with managing the stores inventory and supplies you will have to deal with customers. Instead of (or maybe along side) AI customers they will be players playing a separate non-vr RPG on pc/consoles.  \n\nShops would be places like smithies, general stores, healers, and taverns. The type of shop and the shop keepers level will dictate what services are available as well as what tasks the shop keep will have to do. \n\nAs a shop keeper just starting out in a new shop you will start as an apprentice and go through a tutorial teaching you the basics while an AI deals with the public. Once you graduate to running your own shop you will need start crafting items to sell, preforming services for customers, and buying the materials needed to make more items to sell.\n\nSome shops will be more crafting based while others will be more customer based. Blacksmithing and potion creating will focus on mini games where you turn your resources into product. Managing the general store would be about haggling and managing your inventory to make the most money. The tavern would focus on time based mini games where food and drinks need to be prepared."
lsb0oy,Hewlp,Okay. Okay I need help of what concept I should make for my game. Almost all of them doesn’t work.
lsayym,Mechanic for opening the chest/secret stash,"Hello\n\nI am working on a turn-based slider roguelike game set in gore-mutation fantasy world. I decided to add puzzle mechanic for chests and stashes that have better loot. \n\nI don't want to design it as a lockpick mechanic, I am looking for something more fancy and mysterious yet simple enough that player will learn the basics fast. The lock itself could be magical. \n\nI would like to ask you for help with giving ideas for simple mechanics that can be used for chests/stashes. Maybe there is some real-life code system that can be used as a mechanic?\n\nThe lock will have three difficulties depending of area/loot grade.\n\nThanks!"
ls8aj1,Explore creation myths in a strange galaxy,"There have been many strange ideas about earth and how it started. Some cultures thought earth was balanced on an elephant. Others claimed it was stacked on massive turtles. Still others thought that the stars and planets were just points punctured through an outer shell surrounding the planet. I think it would be cool to model these ideas of earth and put them in some weird universe, and let the player explore how they are laid out and operate, jumping from one to another in a ship. You could even throw flat earth in there if you want"
ls6e3y,"An game idea that, if Valve ever took advantage of, ALL of their employees would have private jets.",[deleted]
ls4m3k,Ideas of known games / games serie but in a different setting.,"What would you do if you could take a games franchise (or simply a game) and set it in a completely new setting / timeframe / base gameplay, what would it be and why ?\n\n\nFor examples I would like to see a Saints Row game set in middle age. It would recreate the whole gang thing but middle age bandit gangs, focus more on melee combat, the tone could be inspired by the movie A Knight's Tale. It could be a way to parody games franchises like Assassin's Creed or The Witcher.\n\n\nA Witcher game but a few hundred years after the events of the witcher 3. The Continent is now in the industrialization process (think about 1850-1900 England). The map would feature a big city, a few smaller one and a large countryside.\n\n\nA Yakuza game but set in the Meiji Era (1868-1900). \n\n\nA far cry game in the Congo Free State period (1885-1908,  Congo was the king of belgium private land and he employed a private army the ""public force"" to literally enslave locals).\n\nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congo_Free_State\n\nEdit : feel free to share your ideas in comments !"
ls2u1s,A commercial game in a week!,"I kinda stole this idea from a youtuber called mizizizizi and it felt like a really fun thing to do so i wanted to give this a shot! But the thing is... I could use an idea! So if any of yall want to help, it would be really apreciated!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThanks a lot!"
ls28jq,A 1917 WW1 styled game in the format of A Way Out by Hazelight,[deleted]
lrya59,Drawn to Life but applied to something like a Fairly Odd Parents game,Any ideas on how Drawn to life’s mechanics could be implemented in a third person action game? Maybe a weapon wheel would work? Or something close to Kingdom Hearts? (Relevant answers only)
lrxwu3,Hi everyone I’m new on the website love meeting new friends around as I’m Dani by name..,
lrtrzn,My dream game right now.,"Pls read my last post if you‘re gonna read this.....or whatever if you’re not a fan of reading. Anyways, my idea now is to make a Wolf a creation by Dr. Sager. He has powerful magic and he is made to be a military’s special weapon. He has a hard time killing though. The merciful potion Dr. Sager accidentally dropped in the capsule made him give mercy to even terrible beings. Also, the Wolf’s name is X1, but I’ll think of a proper name later. Dr. Sager disposes the wolf by teleporting him into a random place in a random time. The Wolf appears to teleport into the future on a random planet. I never thought above that, but I hope I can."
lrtkgp,My WHOLE STORY for trying to think of a game story,"So, there’s this game called Starlink: Battle for Atlas right? Well, all the gameplay and piloting stuff may be good, but I hate that game. Do you want to know the answer? It’s not the toys. There’s Star Fox exclusive stuff or whatever right? Fox looks fluffy and jacked, Falco looks even more cockier and cool, Peppy looks more like.... Peppy, Slipyy looks more like an aquatic animal, and WHY IN THE GOD IS WRONG WITH WOLF! That’s right guys. I mean, I think Wolf as an Anti-hero, but what is wrong with this! His voice is literally from Scar in Lion King, and I think it was a bad idea to make HIM the bad guy. He’s my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE character because it only started because he was a Wolf, but Assault made me like him even better. Seriously. Assault Wolf is the best. Anyways, suddenly seeing him trying to take over Corneria is...... he’s not Andross seriously. Then, the whole team arrives and causes more trouble but they all die in some sort of black hole. I MEAN WHAT IN THE HYLIA!?!?!? IS THAT HOW YOU END FOR MY ABSOLUTE FAVE CHARACTER!?!? Maybe I’m way too taking it far, but I hate it. I hate it. \*sighs\*. So that’s why I’m never ever seeing that custence again. Well, despite how I hate that story, but that’s how it made me inspired, but mostly to get revenge by creating my OWN game. Of course, I‘m gonna make the main character a wolf, possibly an anthropoid wolf. I didn’t want it too be too similar to Star Fox, so I started them as robots and the guardian of the Robot Utopia. Not so well on that. I soon made them actual anthropoid wolf with robot suits. Not so well on that too. I tried making the wolf and his..... team and out law, but that ain’t so good. I tried giving them unique abilities, and completely trashing out that robot suit, but that didn’t work either. Oh, and did you know that I gave him an betrayed team? Yeah! The animals who betrayed the other animals living with humans because it’s in the year 10,000! They are a Lion, Shark, Bat, and a well......Fox. The reason I picked them is because the strongest canine and feline are wolves and lions, strong water creatures are- The Wolf’s team is a Wolf, Croc, Racoon, and an Eagle. Anyway, sharks and crocs are strong water creatures, eagles and bats can fly, and raccoons and foxes are known to be sneaky and clever. Oh, and how many times has lions became a good guy. Give them a chance to be a little bad. The BAD TEAM IS AN ANTI-HERO OKAY. NO HARD FEELINGS NOW. Then, I trashed the whole evolved animals. I decided to make them TEST evolved animals. I won’t stop trashing ideas. I trashed the whole opposite team, and left only the Lion. Then I gave him like nearly invincible ability. That ain’t work out for me too. I started to trash living on earth and saving the planet and blah blah blah. I made the five animals evolve on the moon for safety, but the Lion roared and hypnotized to attack the staff. They all escaped on escape pods, and none chased the Lion and the human’s. Meanwhile everyone died except for the lion and the wolf. The wolf combined with his human and became anthropoid. I made them make teams with aliens but NO NO NO!"
lrs8j8,A proposal for a rule against controversial game ideas,[deleted]
lrrm6k,Break my game idea please,"So imagine a raffle game where every week is a drawing. Let's say you pay 1 dollar($) for a ticket, and you can buy as many as you like.\n\nWhen you buy the ticket, you ""donate"" your raffle ticket to a bucket.\n\nThen your tickets are added to the bucket, and the money you spent goes into a pot (containing all of the money made during the week).\n\nAt the end of every week, the game-master draws a ticket from a bucket containing a copy of every raffle ticket purchase. \n\nThen, the winning raffle ticket gets traced back to the bucket, and every raffle ticket holder wins a share of the pot!\n\nNow here's the kicker - 50% goes directly to the owner of the bucket (let's say each bucket represents a charity), 1% goes to the game-master for costs associated with running the game, and the remaining 49% gets evenly split between the buyers of the tickets that ended up in the winning bucket!\n\nHere's an example:\n\n&gt; Say in one week we generate a million tickets ($1million) and it gets split between 50+ buckets\n&gt; \n&gt; Even if one bucket only has one ticket ""donated"" to them they still have that one-in-a-million chance... And if theirs gets drawn they win the whole pot, with the single ticket owner getting 49% of the take ($490,000!).\n&gt; \n&gt; Two tickets = twice the odds, but technically more will go to the Charity per-dollar-spent since the user's reward was proportional to the number of shares (tickets) they bought. \n&gt; \n\nThe hope is that one person or (or bucket) can't just guarantee that they'll win money by buying a bunch of tickets, since even with 50% of the tickets (500,000 of the 1mil in the example) they will only get 50% of the winnings, with the rest going to the bucket and other ticket-holders\n\n\n\nMy question is - is this a good system with potential to help the buckets, despite the potential for bad agents (assuming cheating is impossible)? \n\nIf not, how could this be improved? Too many rules and nobody will care.\n\nBut without any other rules, how might this be exploited?\n\nPossible exploits that I'm considering:\n\n- One bucket owner buys a huge amount of tickets and places their tickets in their own bucket, ensuring their bucket has a very good chance to win (but never 100%, given other buckets have at least one ticket)\n\n- One user buys a ticket for each bucket, guaranteeing they will win a share of the pot regardless of the winning ticket (I'm actually okay with this since the buckets still win in the end, but it takes away some of the fun).\n\n\nThe point is that it should be *fun* and *feel* like winning a lottery for the buyers, but the buckets (charities and non-profits) will be the ones taking away most of the money. \n\nWhat do you think? Open to any discussion as well."
ju999q,Anti-game: Superhero Undercover,"I have a vague sense that I've read this somewhere, so apologies if I'm plagiarizing. \n\nYou play as your favourite superhero, but instead of solving crime and saving the world you go through the motions of pretending to be a regular citizen. The more boring and ordinary you appear, the more points you score, which would make this a stealth game, I guess."
ju96hz,Creation Myth Game Idea?,"We have that project in religious education where everyone is supposed to do something related to a creation myth of our choice. So, because I was working on a simple game engine kind of thing I thought making a game with it would be different and cool. Unfortunately, my application is barely able to load textured objects and display text at the time, so I need something really simple.\n\nAnyway, the creation myth I have chosen is the Cherokee Creation Myth. In summary, it is about a heaven made out of stone where the animals lived. Beneath the heaven there is a giant ocean and the earth floating on it. The earth is just flat plate until a bird flew over it, forming mountains with its wings, and hooked up to the stones above with four ropes. It is said that he animals have brought it up from the ocean ground because there was not enough space in heaven.\n\nI hope someone has an idea describing how I could present this in a simple game. :)"
ju6my1,Survival horror inspired by Distant sky webtoon,[Distant Sky Webtoon English version](https://www.webtoons.com/en/thriller/distant-sky/list?title_no=75)\n\nYou wake up and find you and the city you lived in somehow buried underground and have to survive while investigating this mystery. Traverse through buildings and dig through rubble and rely on ways to light up your path underground. While dangerous denizens of the deep lurk beneath.
ju30v7,3d platformer core mechanic idea,Do any of you have some cool mechanics for 3d collect a thon platformers that are as versatile as cappy from mario odyssey(has to be completely original) somthing that can be chained with the movement. Something that allows players to moce around skillfully using a mechanic. \nLook at this video if u want to know what im talking about: https://youtu.be/z_KVEjhT4wQ
ju2rzo,Drone Game,I think that a game where you create drones and let them fight in a huge arena would be cool.\nIt would be like 15 custom design drones fighting each other with guns and grenades
ju2r0u,"A game with anime stlye charathers Where yo-kai fight both Crusaders, creatures form Norse, Greek/Roman mythology and the Bible and historical European figures ,","I was imagining a dynasty warrior or open world style game where the Crusaders and company \nwant to conquer Japan and take command, and the yo kai protect it to keep Japan from falling out of the hands of the crusaders and company. The boss are the historical European figures and some creatures form Norse /greek/Roman and bible. Idk if this idea is crazy but I think is a pure original idea, I've always imagined seeing historical figures like Dante or Jesus fighting against  Japanese folklore creatures,\n\nHowever do you think then my idea is fresh and original?"
ju0zgw,Making of a celebrity,To be the most popular person in high school.\n\nAnd to create your own narcissistic world. But road blocks will be pandemics and dmall businesses kind of like monopoly but with relationship building
jtzw6r,"You play as a soldier in a war. When you die, you spawn as a new different soldier. You can find the body of your previous character and get a quest from it.","I'm thinking of this as a 2D platformer with guns, but it could probably work in other genres. \n\nThe soldiers would be procedurally generated. When you find the body of a previous character you've played as (or even the body of an NPC), you get weapons, loot, etc, but you also get a note asking to return the body to the dead soldier's parents or to a specific part of the map.\n\nThis could get especially interesting when it's the body of an enemy you've killed. Then you have to make the decision of whether it's worth the danger of moving a body to a difficult part of the map for potential loot and story elements. There's no requirement, it's completely optional. \n\nAlso it's not always a note from the parents. Sometimes it's dog tags, sometimes it's a love letter, pictures, or just something they wrote to themselves (like a journal). Sometimes the mission is to move a body to a certain part of the map, but it could also be to dig a grave where you found it, or just deliver a letter, or maybe trade weapons with them so you can hold onto it.\n\nThis is a pretty heavy concept for a game, so it'd be great to find ways to make it a little more light-hearted."
jtzv1a,You're an evil villain and by God you will monologue if it means the death of you!,"I dreamt this idea and I know it's kind of stupid but it's just meant to be a comical game that you wouldn't necessarily invest a lot of time in.\n\nThe idea is that you're a supervillain and you must maintain the supervillain tropes or be laughed at by your counterparts. \n\nSure you could easily kill the superhero with one shot to the head, but they won't die knowing your super evil plot!\n\nI imagine gameplay is something like, you have the superhero captured and you begin your monologue, maybe some dialogue cues are presented, but while you're doing this, you are also walking around the room checking to make sure the superhero is not planning an escape. Did they loosen the ropes their hands are tied in? Is their sidekick in the vents? Did they use their telekinetic powers to open the draw that contains the key to their shackles?\nI'm assuming there would be a point system based on time or something like that.\n\nI also thought you could have other stupid villain tropes, like you have to purposefully miss the superhero while shooting at them down the hallway, but they're so damn slow sometimes it's hard not to!\n\nI've only played it once (so this could be off the mark) but I imagined a 3rd person 5 nights at Freddy's type game play.\n\nAlso, I can't believe there is a 'dream' flair lmao"
jtz81l,Openworld horror game concept,The purpose of this concept is to make you feel like your being watched in a place that looks abandoned \n\nStory goes like this:\n\nYou're travelling home on a busy highway you're sleepy you fell asleep then you heard a car crashing you wake up in your car on the side of the highway you look from inside your car where that sound came but nothing you continued on your way to home but something felt odd you were alone in the highway a second ago it was very busy now its filled with silence you continued until you reached a city it was bright coming from the tall skyscrapeers traffic lights going from red to yellow to red only to be seemed completly abandoned no one was there you left your car (you can go back to your car) you looked around you see a flash light lying on the ground you picked up (cutscene plays) the camera POV switches to someone stalking behind a pole looking at you picking up the flashlight you explore then weird human like figures coming from the corner of your eye slowly fading away while looking at you\n\nObjective: Escape The City\n\n1st person only\n\nThe more you explore the more your sanity depletes making you have hallucinations dangerous hallucinations that can kill you the only way to retrieve your lost sanity is on save spots where everything is safe you can only run on foot or with your car
jtxa66,A Video Game Idea,"So, for a while I wanted to make a video game, but my initial idea was too big a task for one individual, so I came up with something much simpler, however the concern is is it too simple? I would appreciate feedback on the following idea... you play as a rabbit in a platform game, but you can't see above or below, you have to use your hearing to guide you. Thoughts?"
jtx8ck,I have a perfect idea," \n\nPlatform: \n\nVr \n\nMultiplayer \n\nTheme: \n\nstar wars\n\nJobs: \n\nMining\n\nBounty hunter\n\nDefender \n\nSpaceship Mechanic \n\nScavenger \n\nProfessions: \n\nJedi \n\nStorm trooper \n\nMandalorian \n\nSith \n\nSpaceship dude \n\nExtras: \n\nHyperdrive\n\nShips: \n\nCrew needed for big ones \n\nBigger ships need bigger crews \n\nCharacters:\n\nDifferent languages \n\nJust in case, be able to turn into different animals and genders by different devices \n\nDevices to talk different languages \n\nHave different things that they are good at \n\nMost characters should be different species \n\nAmount of different items:\n\nOver 1000 items \n\nOver 1000 resources \n\nMore fun: \n\nHave different challenges to do with your friends \n\nFreighter ship:\n\nFreighters can control people's ships near them \n\nyou need to be very rich to own one\n\nFreighters need lots of mattenets \n\nHouses: \n\nYou can build your own house or pay for one \n\nEconomy:\n\nYou can invest \n\nYou can own a business\n\nIf you own a business you get more money by selling your stuff to your businesses \n\nDepending on how much people are using your businesses it could bring your business stock up or down. \n\nHappyness:\n\nDepending on what professions you have it will affect how happy you are\n\nIf you are unhappy you have side effects \n\nEnergy:\n\nThere would be up to 100 levels of different ways to get electricity\n\nResearch:\n\nYou can research items so you can make it \n\nDifferent Choices:\n\nYour choices could affect your reputation and affect others in good or bad ways \n\nCrashes: \n\nCrashed ships would be useful for scavengers\n\nYou would be able to fix crashed ships with some of your resources \n\nIf it is a crashed fighter you can fix it and bring it back into space      \n\nIt would take about the hole fuel rig to lift it off then you would need to try to get some more fuel \n\nRobots:\n\nYou can find robots in the wild but only if they like you they will obey some of your commands\n\nYou can pay for one that already likes you in a shop \n\nThere are different advantages of each robot \n\nThe best robot can do mattenots your ship\n\nPlanets:\n\nThere would be over 50 galaxies to discover \n\nIn each galaxies there will be over 40 planets \n\nTo go to each galaxy you would need a warp drive\n\nEach planet has different environments that you might need protection from depending on the animal or character you chose or turned into   \n\nPlayer History:\n\nEveryone can see your history and you can see your own \n\nSleeping:\n\nWhen you leave the game it will show your character as sleeping\n\nYou can't sleep when you are in a battle\n\nYou could die when you are sleeping if someone assassinates you\n\nIf you have one of the best beds you don't need to worry about dying in your sleep \n\nJedi:\n\nWhen you have a bounty and someone near you signed up for it you will have a sense \n\nYou can most of the time dodge the bullets\n\nYou can run faster as a jedi \n\nWhen jedis try using a gun they are bad at using it \n\nJedis can stop one bullet at a time with the force\n\nWhen jedis level up they can stop up to 5 bullets at a time"
jtvjw2,Please review my story.....,"Main Character:-\nSomething like sasuke. Cold but cool. It will be like verjil, say quotes and never laughs...\n\n\nWorld:-\nWorld will be based on old times some what india.. magic and normal rpg\n\n\nStory:-\nGameplay time: 6 - 7 mins + cinematics\nMain character will be something like samll prince and have a lot of friends and a popular guy.. now he will wake up and go to magic knights training and while coming in heavy rain at night his family is attacked and his parents are killed... this was all done by Nobel's... and suddenly someone will attack him and -------ARC 0.5------ his half dead brother will save him but die in battle and he escapes by a magical creature made by his brother..... injured......\nAnd from hear ARC 1 will start.......\n\nARC 0.5\nBattle of brother to same main character:\nSwitch character to big brother.....\nBrother is trying to save main character from noble's gards... he is fighting + giving speech........\nIt will be like dialog system\n------pic 1--------\nAfter speech from brother he will cast a magic to summon a magical creature while arrow hitting him and he will die and magical creature will save us and take us away near a small town but ........\nIn the mid way magic creature will fade.... in front of a cave......he will walk into a cave and after some parkour he will find a dieing dragon\n.....Dialogs.....\nIs that a dragon uhh... blur.... falls on ground.....\n\n... and now main character will fade and fall on ground....\nAfter some time he open his eyes and find a healing magic circle around him..now player will ask some questions  -----pic 2---- reference to magic emprer ch 13 to 15...... he will get a staff there which is most powerful weapon in game but have to be upgraded \nAfter that he comes out of cave and fight with a boss monster and find a horse and move to small town........ \n             ------ OVER --------\nEarly access will end here........... after riding horse for 45 sec... it will start a cutscene for credits and donations and all...\n----- pic 3 -----\n\n\nARC 1:-\nThere he will join army and culivation for becoiming strong will start..........."
jtqequ,What kind of punishment system where you play as an invincible diety?,"I've started the development process for my first game (shoootemup, and beatemup) where you play as a druid/deity sort where you massacre people who are logging, littering, and generally being a dick to your nature. \n\nIt is based on a mythology of my culture, but i can't think of any ways of ""losing"" or ""dying"" since the character is basically god of nature. What kind of game mechanic should I add so that players put sincere effort into not losing the game?"
jtpge9,Horror reaction game where you need to shoot with two types of bullets,"It's a horror game (maybe coop) taking place in a building where you have two bullets type - white and black bullets, you can shoot by LMB and RMB buttons for these two types. You need to survive in the building by ran away from black and white monsters and you must quickly define the right bullet type for your enemy to kill it."
jtn5ha,my dream combat system : fantasy combat meets trading card games,"hello everyone .. lately, a game idea has been eating me from the inside, and i haven't found anything like it .. the full idea that i have in mind is too big and ambitious and i know indie developers won't do it, so i'll try to make it as small as possible, where i only going to talk about the amazing combat system that i wish existed\n\n# background  \n\ni have been a yu-gi-oh fan for long time when i was a teen .. although i stopped playing the game, but it's mechanics stuck with me, what i loved about it the most is the amount of creativity that you have in building your own deck, where you can use any card that ever existed (considering the ban-list) and forging multiple endless strategies, nowadays i am into anime 3rd person fighting games like naruto ultimate ninja storm, although the combat system is amazing on those games, it still feels repetitive sometimes, and very limiting, the limits that i felt are in the abilities, where one character has a certain predetermined set of moves, and if you grew tired of the move set, then you'll go to the other character that  has it's own predetermined move set, and you are stuck with those abilities with no room for customizing, and in those moments i remembered how much creativity fun that i used to have while playing yu-gi-oh, and then it hit me, what if there was a combat game where it doesn't matter what character you play with (so you can customize it), and the moves you perform are in card game style\n\n# the basics\n\nthis is a real time pvp, in a closed arena (like the naruto ultimate ninja storm franchise), each player will have a fixed HP and stamina, these won't ever change (cause there won't be a level up system) and when you perform a base attack you eat your stamina, things that will eat stamina as well, are parry, sprinting and blocking attacks, so far these are basic stuff that a lot of games have already, but here is where the fun starts, first of all, there will three types of weapons :\n\nsword : which is close range, and fast and pretty accurate\n\nstaff : it will have more range cause it's going to shoot withing certain radius, but it is slower but accurate\n\nbow: where you can have all the range in the world, but you have to aim\n\nthere will be multiple weapons from each type, and they will vary in the name,design, and base attacks value, as well for their ""talents"" (i will explain that later)\n\n# the abilities and customization \n\nthis is the selling point of this game, each player will have a deck of abilities (built beforehand by the player), each ability will have a description text, and these abilities will come in three types:\n\nskills : which are the physical attacks that the player performs, usually they are meant to deal certain amount of  damage. (for example : spin sword attacks, setting arrow mines ... etc)\n\nspells: which are abilities that either enhance your stats (enchantments), or weakens you opponent's stats (curses)\n\ncounter attacks : these are abilities that gets caste by the player, until the opponent does a certain thing, and then they will be performed automatically\n\n# timing is everything \n\nin trading card games or in battle games, there is always a resource system, like mana or stamina, but in this game, time is the resource, where each ability that you draw will have a predetermined refresh time (written in the ability description), from when you drew it from your deck, until you can use it, and even after you use it, if you didn't time it right, i mean, if your opponent blocked it or escaped it through parry, then it is wasted (lets call a used or a wasted ability ""burned"") \n\nyour ""hand"" will be to the side of the screen, where it will display the abilities that you have at hand, and it's gonna have three rows, one for each ability type, and each row going to have three columns, so at all times, you gonna have 3 ""spells"" at your disposal, 3 ""skills"" and 3 ""counter attacks"", for example if you burned a spell, then it will be replaced by an other random spell from your deck, but you won't be able to use it until after the refresh time on it is over\n\ntalents : as mentioned earlier, weapons will come with ""talents"" that will set them apart from each other, each weapon will have only one talent, but, these talents will be repeatable, throughout the fight, and they of course have a refresh time between each use, these talents will be what you build your deck around, for example : imagine a weapon that says ""for 30 seconds each time you hit you inflict damage to your opponent, you get healed the same amount"", this weapon makes you comfortable in having good HP all the time, so you can build a deck with abilities around that talent that will utilize that advantage\n\ncombos : this is a little sprinkle on top (can be added later on), where you have in a different predetermined deck (also built by the player), a set of abilities that get automatically activated if ability X and Y where used in sequence (the combo pieces must be specified in the combo ability description)\n\n# buying system\n\nat first i thought in a big campaign with a story mode, where you defeat bosses that will drop these weapons and different abilities to add them to your collection, but i think that can wait for an other day, it can have a simple loot box system where you get all these weapons and cool abilities\n\n# final thoughts\n\nat the end of the day, games like these are only as good as the amount of creativity that you put in the unique abilities (cards), and in the amount of those abilities, i personally have multiple ideas for different abilities/talents, if any developer is actually interested in this idea, then feel free to reach out so we can talk more about those ideas, and again, i know, this is a big project, that not meant for one person to do, it's just an itch i had in my mind that i needed to tell someone about it to scratch it, let me know what you guys think"
jtldqu,Black friday beat em up,"Imagine river city Ransom in a shopping mall, and part of the game is fighting over various big ticket items like a new game console, computers, jewelry, and appliances, and you fight people trying to steal your cart or the target item, and you can do the same. And the final boss is a Karen trying to steal the stuff you already purchased because ""her kid deserves it""."
jtldqq,Black friday beat em up,"Imagine river city Ransom in a shopping mall, and part of the game is fighting over various big ticket items like a new game console, computers, jewelry, and appliances, and you fight people trying to steal your cart or the target item, and you can do the same. And the final boss is a Karen trying to steal the stuff you already purchased because ""her kid deserves it""."
jtlc3j,Survival Cascade: Wave defense/reverse Battle Royale,"Open world map where players get scattered similar to BR games. Only it's coop and there are NPCs that spawn in to attack players. The game increases in difficulty over time but also as more players die.\n\n* Resources are scattered across the map, so as the map closes in it's harder to get health and ammo.\n* Every player death increases HP of NPCs, making them harder to fight (in addition to having less help).\n* As the map closes in the population density of NPCs gets higher, so you are up against more enemies\n* locations will periodically be marked on the map. Take and Hold it to evacuate players, but each evacuation only saves X players at a time. The longer you stay at one of these locations the tougher opponents become. So player will need to decide to stick it out or migrate to another location."
jtkokg,An 2-player escape room featuring a dog and its owner,"There are 2 players, one is a dog, another is an owner, there is no included voice chat because that would ruin the game. Basically the dog has a limited amount of life and needs to be trained to do certain tasks the owner can’t. The owner can speak to the dog through certain options but the dog doesn’t understand the owner. Every time the owner says something the dog guesses what he means through a menu of options. If the dog chooses wrong it loses a life but if it gets it correct the dog now knows what the owner is saying. This continues and there could also be parts where the dog has to bring the right stick and put it in a box. If the wrong stick is chosen the dog loses 2 lives. The sticks are color coded and there are 5 of them, however the owner only has 3 chances to tell the dog what color it has in its mouth.\n\nThere could also be a 4 player mode where there are 2 dogs and 2 humans. The dogs can understand each other and the humans can understand each other. But like the main game dogs can’t understand humans.\n\nPlease comment if you have any questions cuz I’m not very good at explaining things :P"
jtjzgk,Need Mechanic Ideas for my game...,"I'm working on a (hopefully) multiplayer top-down, original Zelda-like game where you play as a knight  (and possibly a mage or healer if I can make it multiplayer). I'm looking for a cool mechanic that would fit nicely into the game and if you got any ideas they would be greatly accepted!\n\nThank you for your time."
jtf1ln,multiple choice post apocalyptic game (A loose sequel to the Book and Film Logan's Run(1976)),"The game is set in the year 2296, in a post-apocalyptic world that has little technology apart from fire and sticks. You play as Logan 6 the son of Logan 5 who is the leader of a tribe, who are very just and promotes the idea of family. The tribe is about a few thousand strong. They are based in Washington D.C. and they are based in the White house. One day when he and his father are out they’re ambushed and his father is killed. The tribe he was killed by only allow people to live to the age of 21 and are fixated on the idea of sex and pleasure. This tribe is located in New York City.\n\nThe purpose of the game is to give you multiple choices on whether to take revenge for your father or help your tribe survive and throughput the game you will be given loads of these choices that will determine your outcome. The game will be in the third person."
jtevxu,What would you want in a Photography game?, Currently designing one and curious what mechanics/features others have wanted in a photography game. Specifically First person. What would be a great extendable game mechanic?
jt9rws,A game that levels up.,"You start out with the core mechanics of your game (including an xp counter). If your XP gets high enough, a new element is seamlessly added in, repeat. There could also be leaderboards"
jt8r5a,Mystery/Action Game on an Earth with Alien Visitors,"Ever so slightly in the future, an alien race comes to Earth asking for sanctuary as a last resort, fleeing a dead world. The aliens offer advanced technology in exchange for building a floating island on which they can live without disturbing Earth's ecology. \n\nAs the island is being built, however, members of the alien species are being killed any time they leave their camp. They are put under curfew but their younger members are curious and sneak out to visit young Earthlings. \n\nAs the investigator you have to find clues to catch the serial killer. Is it the obvious, a member of the CHS (Coalition for Human Sovereignty) or is it someone more subtle and insidious perhaps even one of the aliens, themselves?\n\nThat's pretty much what I've got, though I've thought the investigating part might play similar to L.A. Noire's system of investigation, the clue part more than the interview part. I was thinking you might have an ""empathy"" device borrowed from the aliens that let you see the basic mood of an individual so that interviews rely less on actual facial cues which had mixed results in LA Noire. \n\nI also wouldnt expect the whole GTA driving around the city aspect, especially if an indie dev picked this idea up and ran with it, more an emphasis on clue finding and gun fighting with space weapons as you unravel the plot. \n\nAnyway, that is my latest brain invasion,...err I mean Brainstorm ;)"
jt6lhf,A game where you're test subjects and get turned into a rat when you die,"A 4v1 horror game between a crazed scientist and humans doomed to wander his lair. If the mad scientist kills someone, he turns them into a rat and sits them down. The players can resurrect a fallen friend by picking him up and taking him to a machihe to resurrect him. However! The room is full of mice, all of which people who want to be human again. So all of the mice will try and act how a player would in an attempt to become human again."
jt6hpp,Game Idea: Turn-based Sci-fi rpg with simultaneous timing for decisions,"The idea is a game based on Divinity/Gears Tactics (isometric, not square defined actions), where all the players, both from the same team and adversaries, must define their actions in a short, common countdown. All the actions then rollout simultaneously and another round starts. Some actions would be:\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\- Shoot\n\n\- Supressive Fire\n\n\- Reload\n\n\- Skills (many like the equipments from Rainbow Six)\n\n\- Move\n\n\- Patrol\n\n\- Guard\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo, for instance, a player can decide to rush, while the enemy guards some position, which would make him take damage. There could be coordinated supressive fire and movement in a team. Players could do a ""SWAT style"" advance or take defensive positions in strategic locations. The key concept is that, different than playing solo, like in Divinity, those actions would need to be coordinated and thought fast.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI would love this as a scifi mmo, with 3 different nations fighting over common planets, satellites, ships, asteroids, etc, in the galaxy. In this way, this could unveil both PVP (in conflict zones, or, for veterans, deep incursions in heavily defended strategic places of the enemy) and PVE (outer planets, asteroids, or common beastily adversary for all nations). \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAdditionally, it would be awesome to have different classes and races, and large skill trees."
jt3dh2,"Anyone remember ""XCAR"" ? Here goes another idea","Hello fellow members. I have a simple ideas for 2 games in racing genre.\n\n1) Let's make ""XCAR"" great again. Real old school fellows might remember an old game for PC, named ""XCAR"" for ""eXperimental car"". Core idea is that the player has a lot of selection options of how what his race car would look like: chassis size, engine type and layout, suspension type, etc and the game builds a race car using pre-ready combinations. The car changes visually. Each combination has it's strenghts and weaknesses. For instance, poverful V8 is heavy and can be installed only in large chassis. After player made his choices, he is put into world sportcar championship, where AI cars also are a variety of random \\ premade combinations of powetrain, bodies, chassis and suspensions. Then they do race on number of racetracks. Possible addition - winner of each race receives weight ballast for the next race, to make kind of Balance of Power in the championship. \n\nGame should have a decent physics (like rFactor or Assetto corsa game engines) and sound. \n\nIt's advantages over currently available racing games -&gt; it will have a lot of technical choices to be made. Thus, re-playability for people who would like to try different combinations for success: \n\n\- Should you choose a light nimble car that would be easy on tires and save fuel in long races, thus saving time on pitstops or should you took powerful and heavy one, that would be good on the straights? Etc. \n\n\- This can be also tied to ingame money limitations, thus, no one can build a car with best components at the begining.\n\nThe link to the original game for your info: \n\n[https://www.old-games.com/download/8617/xcar-experimental-racing](https://www.old-games.com/download/8617/xcar-experimental-racing)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n2) What if someone combines a role-playing card game and racing rally game? \n\nMy idea is to create a long distance rally-raid (like Dakar) game where an outcome of rally leg will not only rely on driving performance but on players decisions during problem situations that will appear partly randomly, partly in different circumstances like preparation to the stage in service area. \n\nEach situation will have an animation \\ cut scene or message that requre an answer and the outcome of the players decision will be infuencing car performance, sponsor relationships or possibility of technical breakdown. Exampe: in service area during the night, your co-driver suggests to experiment with tyre pressures by raising them up, knowing that all top-teams have done it. If player decide to do so, his car setup is being changed, and depending on the terrain on the race leg, player will have an advantage or not (if it's sand, thatn the decision is wrong). \n\nAs for the core gameplay, it should be like combined ""Snowrunner"" with it's soft terrain physics and ""Dakar 19"" with open-world like stages and freedom of choice for the player how to drive to certain point. \n\nThe game should make player feel like he's taking part in an adventure with a lot of random factors, like in real rally-raid races. \n\nAnd the begining of the race career for the player should be on some old crappy car, like 20-year old Jeep Wrangler, with poor sponsors that will allow just to purchase several sets of tyres, fuel and entry fee for the event. During the event player shold answer to variety of choices, by which he can either make some extra money, make car quicker, overcome a breakdown with minimum time spent for repairs. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSorry for my noobiness, I can write a lot more details, but I believe the core ideas for those games is more important."
jt0wds,"A Mario party rip off on Xbox, using the avatars and Microsoft's various IPs as boards","As simple(ish) as it sounds, various boards and minigames themed around the various IPs that Microsoft owns\n\nIncluding Conker as an NPC who complains about being relegated to acting as a cameo in an obvious cash grab\n\nIdea came to me because I miss the old 360 games that used the avatars\n\nWhy have them on the newer systems if we can't even use them in games?"
jsxu2m,"One thing I remember liking about Neopets, as a kid...","Back when I was young, webrowser games were nearly as popular as home console gaming. Middle class kids who only had a basic Dell home PC could still play a variety of flash games. A huge hit that I also enjoyed was Neopets  combining Pokemon with Arcade style games (as in, a wide assortment of mini-games to play) world exploring and a bunch of other different aspects of Netopia for players to engage in and had a thriving community. \n\nOne part I really liked was the vast amount of items to collect, everything from junk to pet paintbrushes, to powerups, etc.  You could store items in a bank, purchase your own shop front to display them, sell them, auction them, etc. I was always on the hunt to find some obscure item that struck my fancy, just so I could bank it. It was item collection for the sake of item collection, without required competition. \n\nMost games these days that have item collection in them are very narrow in their scope- combat games have you collecting assortments of weapons, armor, etc. and not much else. Hero themed games have you collection the best heroes / characters and not much else. Neopets just had SO much different things and so many different ways to earn them. Sadly, Neopets didnt adapt well to the smart phone era of gaming, and never really made the leap from webrowser to phone in any appreciable measure.\n\nI would love to see something capture that kind of mystique it once had."
jsw2oe,AR game mechanics,The smart eye lenses with augmented reality is in development. I think there could be AR games based on players learning certain gestures and movements to cast spells. The players would go around the world and do wizard combats. Futuristic yet simple.
jsvqu7,Here's a》MULTIPLAYER IDEA《,"¤ Players are split into two groups:\n\n♧ Minion team~ are players that spawn as mobs in the field.  They eat or fight to level and evolve.\n\n◇ Hero team》 are up to three players max and DO NOT respawn.  They are capable of upgrading skill trees and purchasing new equipment.\n\n▪︎note: the match ends when all ◇ Heros are killed or ♧ Minions don't escape the map in time.\n                                °°°○°°°\n☆Design:\n\nThe theme of the game will look like a cel shade version of FFXV &amp; FF7 remastered (less pretty looking).\n\n▪︎sci fi buildings, ancient ruins and lots of nature.\n\n•closer to third person borderlands.\n\n□ Maps:\n\nPlayers can choose 2 different semi open world maps &amp; 4 zone closing maps.\n\n{Semi}\n¤ Reactor city:  A large metropolis with\n\n ""Reactor plant, Transit station, Subway tunnels, Wolf Street(market place), Suburbs, Downtown, Lower Quarter(exit), Sewers"" ---as traversal locations.\n\n¤ Dystol Savanna:  Wide open space surrounded by pollution.  Roads are built to quickly travel to \n\n""Candy's shop(market place), Tramway, Marble Valley, Abandoned Facility, Black Luster mines, Army Base, Gorge(exit)"".\n\n&lt;Zones&gt;\n\n*Each exit will be permanently closed after a set time.  KEYS are needed to exit.*\n\n¤ Casino:  Token booth is market place.  Exits are Back door, Side A, Side B, Maintenance hatch, Entrance and Golden Cat Bowl.\n\n¤ Yasoro Palace: Camp is market place.  Exits are Teleport circle 4, 7, 8.\n\n¤ Airship:  Lounge, cot pit, storage is market place.   Exits are Left &amp; Right Doors, Sky dock.\n\n¤ Salvation Citadel:  Garden &amp; Kitchen are market place.  Exits are Inquisitor's prison, Citadel entrance, rooftop.\n\nThere it is folks!  Let me know if it's a good concept or if something need to be added.\n\nP.S. ~just wanted to write out my idea before I forgot."
jsusfl,Custom design MMORPG game/platform,"The thing I want to discus is something that I would not be suprised to find already existing. If you know about such a game, I would be interested in you telling me about it in a comment.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe core concept:  \nThe game should be a platform to play games simmilar in style to many mmorpgs already existing but with worlds and campaings player-created in simmilar style clasical DnD works. Obviously the gameplay would be devided in something like Character player mode and Game master mode.  \n\n\nWorld and locations designer\n\nThe game masters role would be to generate new world on a new server. The world does not have to be super vast and detailed. There does not have to be open world. It could for example be just a world-map designed by the GM with some in-game map designer. There would be custom based open locations and dungeons tho, placed on a map. The game would contain location designer in which DM could create location by assembling various models of objects or perhaps altering preexisting and randomly generated locations. The GM could theoreticaly use his own imported models and textures or create new models in some sort of Spore-like creator.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMob placement, designing and control  \nThe GM could place various mobs and creatures into the locations and dungeons or create a spawn for those creatures and give it some rate for generating the creatures. He could use creatures from the prexisting list of creatures made by game developers and edit their behavior like agresivity, guarding some place or patroling from some point to other point. He could also edit creatures stats and so on. The other possibility would be to give GM ability to import his own models for creatures and write the their own stats and abilities. There could again be something like Spore-like creator for this.  \n\n\nBattle and action mechanisms  \nBattles could turn based or realtime. While turn-based would remind more or DnD, real-time could bring some advantages of MMORPG style games. If the battle gameplay was realtime, the NPC creatures would be controled by AI but Game master could have ability to take control of any NPC creature at any time. Aside from battles, the interactions with NPC creatures and characters would be simmilar. The GM master could asign series of dialogs for any NPC, those dialogs would appear if Players would want to speak with NPCs. Yet in the same time, GM could directly control any NPC and speak/write for it so the conversation would be like conversation with real human.  \n\n\nMechanism designing and creation of new features\n\nThe GM could have access to creation of new game mechanics and items. He could design new kind of spells, abilities, attacks and give them to characters skill tree or to some object. This would require some coding. I imagine this to work a little bit like roblox creator tho.  \n\n\nStory creation\n\nThere could be certain mechanism given to GM to be able to create good stories for their campaign. Most of the story creation would probably go by the good use of mechanics already existing in game. tho GMs could probably import some texts or audio for their story. The cutscenes could be cool but it would mean need for lots of space and GMs ability to create one. GM could also simple give a link to cutscene uploaded somewhere else on the internet. Also GM could probably design an algorithm for certain events setting that if X happens in the world, then Y also happens etc.  \n\n\nServer size\n\nThe GM could create small servers for themselfs and band of few players but they could also create bigger servers where lots of GMs would cooperate in creation of a world where many player bands could compete, cooperate and influence each other in shared world.  \n\n\nGame community\n\nThe game would probably have big community of players that would share models, mechanics codes, advices and ideas.  \n\n\nOriginal campaign\n\nTho I said campaigns and world would be GM generated, it would be helpful for developers to create their own kind of map to introduce players to the concept. On this server there would be detailed world with various campaigns and users could try to play as character players as well as try the role of GM in limited enviroment. They could for example try editing of locations and controling creatures, their edit would always be temporary and reset into original state after while. Those sort of GM quests would serve as a tutorial missions for them being able to create their own worlds on their own servers.  \n\n\nBussiness model\n\nFor developer to create, update and mantain the game, there would probably have to be some sort of business model even if the game was sort of created as open-source by some gamers because they would still need some many to invest in game, its mantain and to pay for their time. Perhaps the model could be that game is free to play with access to limited features while you can either pay extra money for new models etc or you could by premium account with access to full features. Also there could be some crowd-funding.  \n\n\nGame-genre\n\nAltho I wrote it would be player designed MMORPG it does not say explicitly whether this is fantasy, sci-fi, superhero or what. Well there could be two strategies, either it could be one of those (I was mainly working with fantasy idea) or the platform could give you ability to create anything from zombie-appocalypse to steampunk, space-opera or paleolithic fantasy. The question is whether the developers would be able to create quality enough content if their focus got into creating possibility of designing world of any genre yet if players had the ability for high enough editing then the community would help with this. But it would also mean giving them more abilities with designing characters, classes, skill trees etc. Perhaps the game developers could go with ceratin compromise. Creating possibilities for creating servers of various genres yet focusing the most on one, for example the fantasy.  \n\n\nUsers experience and editability\n\nWell obviously it would be best if the GM mode was intuitive and yet gave GMs opportunity to vast editing. It could be sort of done with different levels of editing. There could be a level of simple editing containing only placement of models and creatures and editing few stats, the advanced editing containing ability to some simple coding and then the expert editing containing ability to code complicated mechanisms and stuff. Possibly players could share and import the more advanced and experts codes, so even the less experienced GM could create his game in new style using mainly simply editing tools\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nPlease tell me what you think about the idea and if there is any game like this somewhere."
jsu947,False world~ A BIG IDEA,"Idea:  A fake mmorpg where the player(s) are starting there journey through a futuristic, abandoned world filled with sci fi &amp; horror.\n\n▪︎Gameplay:\nFps with similar mechanics to the EDF series.\n\n-character creation is mmo styled\n\n-players start in their home(note: maybe customizable) and exist to a offline or a player hosted online version of the hub city\n\n-players can select locations to explore by going to the ""mission center"".  Other players can post and/or join locations that aren't unlocked for themselves.\n\n-To unlock locations a player must activate a beacon in there own version of the game, not the other way around.\n\n▪︎Story: \n-two stories are told:  \n\n1) Anew game that players can earn real cash by playing.  You; along with half a million others, got a chance to receive a high reward by completing the ""online"" game.  The ones to finish the game first will earn 150,000 each &amp; rights to some of the game company's stocks.\n\n2) The developers that published the game are unknown &amp; untraceable.  After 6 months since its publication, incidence with the players start to emerge.\n\nThat's about it~ Tell me what you thought and comment anything that might sound good.\n\n-Thank you!"
jstdq5,"Horror game ""from inside a car""","The idea is that the player plays as: a young kid (in first person) waiting for their parents inside a car, at night.\n\nWhile waiting, the player can explore the inside of the car &amp; learn more about the family.\n\n-inspecting items or objects are similar to  RE1&amp;2 \n\n-invenory is displayed on a ""gameboy"" type tool that the kid has to pass the time\n\nThe game will continue 'only' by playing the game on the ""gameboy"" while hiding from the thing lurking outside the car.\n\n-games on the ""gameboy""\n•platforming clown\n•chase racer\n•festival wars\n\n(Note: games are based on the child's past &amp; the thing that tries to enter the car).\n\nNot sure how it'll end but what do y'all think?"
jss64c,A casual mobile game where you build an ecosystem in a national park by introducing new species and members.,"The goal of the game is building a thriving ecosystem with a variety of species. You introduce a number of rabbits, soon they will multiply. If you leave them unchecked they soon will wipe out the vegetation. They will then starve and die. So you introduce few foxes. If the number of foxes is too high, they will kill all the rabbits and starve. Too few number of foxes, rabbits will wipe out the vegetation.\n\nYou earn money based on the number of animals and the kind of animals you have from visitors. With that money you can buy new species or food or resources to cover the mistakes you have done. Sometimes you may kill an exotic species and sell it in the black market if money is hard to come by.\n\nPlease comment any suggestions or ideas you have."
jsrvja,I want to make something and I'm bored and it doesn't have to be casual but just somewhat easy to do in my free time,The style/ games to reference would be something similar in genre to the 2010 Aliens vs Predator game\n\nI just want to practice for more serious games and would like some ideas\n\nDon't get angry at me for wanting to hone my abilities\n\n\*This will be for basic ideas so don't get angry at me or anything only the basic ideas\*\n\n\*REMEMBER RULES 5 &amp; 6 EXIST\*
jsk2hq,Idea for smartphone compatability with consoles,"You know how the sega dreamcast had a memory card with a screen? Remember how it could play minigames downloaded from certain games? Remember how some of those minigames helped you progress in the actual game? Why doesn't Nintendo or whoever make a smartphone app that can connect to certain games, and download minigames from that, that are like early mobile games when they were still good, and these games can let you get loot, or unlock something, or level up in the main game! Think the minigame from sky's of arcadia, or the way pokemon go works with the let's go games."
jsj3n7,"What do you think of my idea for a tower defence in 3d, towers have spherical radius and enemies can move up, down, left and right?",I'm in the early stages of making a 3D tower defence - the map would be a cube (like the inside of a rubics cube) with start and end in opposite corners.\n\nTowers could be placed anywhere in the cube and towers would use a pathfinding algorithm to find the shortest route.\n\nAny suggestions or ideas or feedback at all welcome. Thank you.
jsihy4,Controlling 2 characters at once be like,"So... A game with different characters, and you can play as/with 2 at once.\n\nHeres what im thinkin:\n\nA range of characters, each with an effect, and a class. Theres your slow heavy attack guy, your speedy weak guy, your fragile healer guy and your not as fragile but still fragile archer guy. Then theres fire, ice, poison, prayer (healing), and lightning.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEach character will have a normal attack, a charge attack, and a special. Your charge attack can be anything from a spin attack to a dash attack. And your duo can perform a unison attack if both specials are used at the same time, which will kill every enemy either that you're in conflict with or thats in the room you're in.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou can make one player follow the other, one’s attacks will have the effect that the other has. you can also simplify things by enabling “one man mode” A mode that restricts you to one character, and you can switch between the two at any time. You can even set the camera to focus more on you than the other, which could make it easier to see your character.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSomeone’s probably finna ask:\n\nQ: If the right stick is being used for something else, then how do you control your camera?\n\nA: Im thinkin i could use a sort of a angle changing camera, that could go into birds eye view if enemies are behind you, allowing you to perceive all enemies and allies at once.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf you decide to make a game from this and want to credit me, put me in as “CommonAmmo”"
jsgvlq,"A large scale sci fi ""galaxy sim"" MMORTS. Possibly browser based.","I have been playing games like Spore and Stellaris for a while, and have seen menu based sci-fi browser MMOs before (don't remember the name of the one I am thinking of.) I loved the amount of customization involved with both, and the sheer scale involved. \n\nI imagined a game where can start out in a safe zone star system (or local star cluster). You must create your civilization's species. This goes into great detail, down to things like diet, gas they breath, genetic structure, sleep cycle, methods of locomotion, communication, ethics, etc. The planet this species hails from can also be customized, preferably to suit their traits. Based on the planet type there are some things like plants and animals you could later use as trade resources or materials for terraforming.\n\nYou can then start setting up facilities like mines for certain resources (iron, uranium, lead), farms for plants or animals, housing, power generation facilities of various types, shipyards, defensive emplacements, barracks, and so on. You must research to unlock many technologies, but not at the cost of time alone, you must supply power and relevant resources in addition to time, realistically.\n\nDesigning vehicles and spacecraft uses a size system based on numbers. A larger (bigger number) frame holds more stuff, but is more expensive and the base speed and mass are effected. So specialized classes will inevitably develop out of necessity. Ships can be designed for mining, exploration, cargo hauling, control, or combat. Smaller details like armor level (how heavily armored it is), amount of braking and turning thrust, and the intended contents of hangars/cargo bays, cam all be tweaked as well. You can of course produce these for your own use, or make vehicles to sell to other player factions for profit. You could profit off of wars between others.\n\nWhen going between stars or planets, it takes time. The game is meant to be a long term simulation. Interplanetary travel for a dispatched fleet could take a few hours, while a distance of a 70 lightyears could take a couple days. Still working it out, but the ships would travel at a semi-realistic pace on the course to their destination. So say if, an enemy patrol spots them, that could give the whole operation away. Long term, strategic planning, on days or weeks scale, could heavily benefit the player. \n\nOn planets, continents (if applicable), are separated into sizes 1-5, which determine their size, and thereby how many buildings and units it can house. A large continent with no units would still take some time to conquer, but not as long as a large one with a full force of defenders. This could go further into regional levels but I think that would be too much. Establishing dominance in space in the star system or in orbit doesn't truly mean you control them. You must make sure the planets themselves are under your control. Advances in land vehicle, infantry weaponry and equipment technology will be of great use here, anything from individual weapon types like AR's and flamethrowers, to tactical options like charges, creeping barrages, etc. These can effect the speed and efficiency (or lack of it) in combat.\n\nThe portrait for things associated with your civilization can be selected from preset image libraries, or you can upload custom artwork for these things, essentially allowing you to create your dream planet, species, and/or faction. Things that can have custom portraits are limited to things on your homeworld, as well as vehicles, buildings, and tech made by you. You can also write descriptions for these things for some extra flavor and immersion factor. This would give artists, writers, and worldbuilders a massive outlet. This mechanic was one of the main things I had in mind when thinking of this idea.\n\nThe main draw comes in with the MMO part. Imagine stellaris, but all factions were run by players or groups of players. You could form trade routes with neighboring factions to trade exotic materials they are lacking, with the ships flying back and forth in real time (and could be attacked by hostiles like privateers or pirates). You could even join a union/federation and develop certain laws or beliefs you hold fast to. Wars could start over resources, trade routes, or out of differences in policies. Of course wars over irl things like what the best anime is would probably occur regardless of immersion focus. A long term, MMO Space civilization sim would be a dream come true. Additional things I could imagine would be custom overlays for the interface so you could make the interface suit your faction or needs, cross platform control (logging in on your phone to check on your trade profits, or the ETA for your exploration fleet to reach its destination.) or having multiple screens up to not have to navigate between them constantly, and feel like some super gamer.\n\nThe long term nature of the gameplay would encourage coordination, planning, cooperation, and/or competition, and could form many long term alliances or even friendships as a result. The potential player made history that unfolds could be a good enough story within itself. The menu (and mostly text) based system would mean the system requirements would be low, and most could run it, even more so if it is browser based. This idea is probably way too ambitious, but I just wanted to get it out there. let me know what you think, and is it something you would like to see?"
jsgikr,An Earthworm Jim puzzle game,"So right before the announcement of Jim 4, Tommy Talarico made a joke saying it was a puzzle game, and yesterday an idea popped in my head. You know the puzzle game Panel de Pon? And Puzzle fighter? Well....what if we did it in the style puzzle fighter but instead of it being a tetris-based game it would be based off of panel de pon, like a panel de pon one versus one type of game that's what I'm thinking of. And the self aware dialoge from the cartoon explaining how ridiculous this is would be would be absolutely perfect. I made an image explaining the game and showing off the format and posted to r/earthwormjim [This would be the image](https://www.reddit.com/r/earthwormjim/comments/jsfux3/i_made_a_mock_up_pitch_for_an_earthworm_jim/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share)"
jsfp14,A Ghosty battle,"You play as a shut in neet, and your house is filled with ghosts. Thankfully they're only powerful enough to effect emotions"
jsf4zf,A rpg game combat mechanic concept,"I just have a rpg combat concept, here's how battle would playout in a fictional scenario:\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nStep 1. First you choose a character you want to fight the enemy, lets say in this encounter you have 2 charterers, Magic User and Melee User, once you choose the character, you choose their attack type, then\n\nStep 2. The game moves into a fighting game or something similar, so you battle with those mechanics until some goal is achieved.\n\nStep 3. GOTO Step 1 until victory or loss."
jseh6x,First-person horror coop maze game where you run away from monsters,"The idea is pretty simple: players should pass through the maze chased by monsters (minotaur, ghosts etc), they should analyze sounds, maybe some special monsters' attributes and can hide in special ""bonus"" places, also there could be many additional features"
jsd2r8,"Space Carrier ""Mechanic Hours"" Management","Intro:\n\nThis idea is for a Rouge Like similar to FTL. Instead of a Star Trek style Battleship the player is in charge of a Macros / Star Wars style Space Carrier. The player will have three types of ships under their care: Light fighters, Interceptors, Heavy fighters, and Torpedo Bombers. Depending on the encounter the player can launch any combination of fighters, interceptors, and bombers. The very act of launching a fighter, even if it does not engage the enemy, produces ware and tear on the fighter's systems.\n\nGame Mechanic:\n\nThe game game idea I am thinking over is to have a resource called ""Mechanic Hours"" the Carrier will have a finite mechanic staff and between encounters the player must choose how to delegate their time. For example with 8 mechanic hours the player can get two badly damaged light fighters barely space worthy again or get one light fighter up to full combat readiness. The same decision making would apply across all fighters under your care. Do you neglect the heavy fighters to maintain your light fighters knowing that you may have to deploy your light fighters into a situation that the heavy fighter is best suited for?\n\nOver the course of the game the player will gain/loose mechanics and fighter craft based off encounters, or if the encounter goes very badly they may loose their entire ship.\n\nAn example of game play would go like this:\n\nThe player jumps into a new system. A civilian transport is under attack by pirates. There are 3 light fighters and a bomber in the pirate force. Your Tactical officer suggest dispatching 4 light fighters and two interceptors to deal with the situation. You have 6 space worthy light fighters and one lightly damaged interceptor. You decide to launch all 6 light fighters and keep the interceptor in reserve. 4 of your light fighters take moderate damage and the other two sustain mild wear and tear. The pirate force looses 2 of its light fighters before retreating. You scavenge 3 useful fighter parts from the downed pirates and the grateful civilian transports reward you with $200 galactic credits. \n\nAfter the encounter you plot jump to the next system. Over this jump you have enough engineering hours to bring your 1 interceptor and 3 of your 6 light fighters to space worthy status. \n\nUpon arriving a the new system you receive a distress signal from an escape pod. A near by mining ship lies broken from a recent pirate attack. You decide to pick up the escape pod. In it are two very grateful engineers who offer to join your crew. You now have 16 more engineering hours to apply to fixing your fighters before the next encounter."
js88ai,I'm working on a project to make a movie as interactive as possible like a game!,"The entire game is streamed online based on your choices and works as a streaming service for interactive movies! I just released a short demo for this purpose too (link- [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.makra.Holly](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.makra.Holly)). Need reviews, collabs and tips :)\n\nSince the subreddit doesn't allow for images, I'm posting the link to our insta handle if you're interested- [https://www.instagram.com/\_project\_holly/](https://www.instagram.com/_project_holly/)"
js293f,Requesting ideas for a multiplayer game,"I want to make a 2D multiplayer game played with 10 or less people. I want it to be simple enough so that it’s easy to learn and play for everyone, and small enough so that it can comfortably run on mobile devices.\n\nThose are my constraints, I’m excited to read your ideas!"
js1urh,Developers should make more games like SIMS MECHANIC...,"Example ; I would play SIMS BRAKE TECHNICIAN and basically its about taking apart and putting together entire brake systems from different vehicles. Using blueprint/CAD like visuals players can learn valuable mechanics skills from engine, AC, Front End, body work and more. Skilled players perhaps can go from playing the game to having basic skills to fix our own cars or if joining a Trade School confident."
js1pht,3 games that link together,"Ok so this is kinda ranty but stick with me.   \nThis would be three different games.   \nthe first would be a resource collecting clicker game\n\nthat game would feed into a base and unit building game.  \n\nthat game would feed into the third game which would be RTS and first person\n\nyou can play all three or just one. If you play all three you can have more options of upgrades. you level up by gathering resources, building successful bases or offensive squads, and attacking enemy bases.   \n\n\nthe game divides all players into two sides lets say red and blue\n\nthen each team is halved and they are put onto two different planets \n\nhalf The red team is on planet A and the other half is on planet B\n\neach planet is divided in Half by a line. Each team can build on their side up to the line \n\nthey can only cross the line after the base build time Limit.   \n\n\nthey have set time Limits for offensive strikes and then they must defend against the enemy. They take turns attacking and defending until one team dominates one of the planets. \n\nonce  planet A is dominated by a team any new resources only go to that planet A and the remaining planet B has to survive on its existing resources alone. While the opposing team on planet B gets its full resources sent to the planet B\n\nonce a team has dominated a planet they can start building space units to attack the opposing planet.   \nteam players will be able to vote on when they want to attack the other teams bases and planet. The key will be when to attack or when to defend and what to spend resources on. by working together as a team you can coordinate winning strategy. \n\nThe final battle will be another attack and defend until one team is victorious.   \n\n\nthe Advantage to this game is that it’s component animation and quality can be pretty basic. The draw is in its imaginative properties and its unique cross game platform. \n\nanyway I thought I would share in the off chance someone actually understands whatever I’m talking about and thinks it’s cool.   \n\n\nplenty of more free random ideas from a weird thinker."
js1b2q,"mechanics for my first project ""Shovel Guy""","The premise is really simple, you cause havoc with your magic shovel. But I no ideas for mechanics or goals. You can jump, attack, break stuff, throw stuff, and dash. I want the idea to be silly so please dont give ideas like ""sacrifice souls"".  \nwhat I need:  \nenemies  \ngoal  \nmechanics"
js0rqc,The most realistic FPS game ever made.,"Ok here's my idea. It's pretty ambitious but I hope someone can make it work. Let me start off by saying that I've seen my fair share of gore and shock vids, so I know what looks realistic. Anyway here's my idea. I want to make an FPS game where everything is real as hell. Snipers have to account for drop and wind speed, there are different generals and commanders. Also, the gore aspect would be the gem of this game. Instead of implementing an unrealistic health bar like every other game, you map out every organ in your body. If it hits your lung, you will wheeze and slowly die unless a medic gets to you. Bullets are also deadly. If you get shot anywhere, you will fall down. Getting shot in the arm will make you bleed out if it hits an artery, and will make you drop your weapon. Getting shot in the leg will make you either limp or if hit by a higher cal weapon, will drop you and you will have to drag yourself to the medic. getting shot in the head instantly kills you unless it was a lower calibre weapon and hits your helmet, in which case there is a very low chance that it may be deflected, knocking you out or making you dizzy. Another thing is the blood effects. lower cal weapons have surprisingly little blood splatter in real life. getting shot in the head by say a .22 will only cause minor bleeding a couple of seconds after the shot, but no blood spray upon impact. higher cal weapons on the other hand will blow half of your head off. The gore effect in the game for this would be as photo-realistic as possible. Actually, I take back what I said about headshots being instant kills. In fact, every part of the brain is mapped out in this game with its real life function. having a bullet skim your head but barely miss your brain will make you bleed out but will not kill you. also, depending on what part of the brain is hit, your character will have the appropriate ragdoll response. your character may go limp, twitch, or even stiffen up. Guns also have realistic recoil and loudness, and silencers work like they do in real life. The battles in this game are huge, with up to 50 players on each side. But here's the cool part. When you die, you lose all your progress and have to start over , and here's why. It will add a huge risk factor to  the game, making players fight as if they were actually in war. less people will die, because we all know that war would be much more deadly if people rushed shit like they did in CSGO. Dying also gets you removed from the server. Anyways that's my game plan, hope someone can make it real."
js029w,Dinosaurs vs. Aliens,"**Plot**: Millions of years ago, an alien race comes down to Earth to try and conquer the planet. However, the dinosaurs aren’t going to surrender to them without a fight.\n***\n**Gameplay**: It’s an open world game where you can play as one of many different dinosaurs in many unique and diverse worlds. You’ll the have to fight a boss fight at the end of the level.\n\nThe dinosaurs are divided into 2 Groups: Carnivores and Herbivores. It’s important to note that not all dinosaurs play the same way as some will have different stats (Offense, Defense, Speed, etc.) compared to others. You can also add custom colors to them and even give them custom names.\n***\n**Carnivores**\n\nTyrannosaurus\n\nSpinosaurus\n\nGiganotosaurus\n\nCarcharodontosaurus\n\nMapusaurus\n\nAcrocanthosaurus\n\nAllosaurus\n\nCeratosaurus\n\nSuchomimus\n\nBaryonyx\n\nCarnotaurus\n\nDilophosaurus\n\nSaurophaganax\n\nCompsognathus\n\nCryolophosaurus\n\nVelociraptor\n\nDeinonychus\n\nUtahraptor\n\nOrnitholestes\n\nTroodon\n\nOviraptor\n\nCoelophysis\n\nMetriacanthosaurus\n\nMegalosaurus\n\nAlbertosaurus\n***\n**Herbivores**\n\nTriceratops\n\nStyracosaurus\n\nEiniosaurus\n\nPachyrhinosaurus\n\nProtoceratops\n\nAnkylosaurus\n\nEuoplocephalus\n\nSauropelta\n\nGastonia\n\nStegosaurus\n\nKentrosaurus\n\nHuayangosaurus\n\nWuerhosaurus\n\nBrachiosaurus\n\nApatosaurus\n\nDiplodocus\n\nNigersaurus\n\nPachycephalosaurus\n\nStygimoloch\n\nParasaurolophus\n\nOuranosaurus\n\nCorythosaurus\n\nEdmontosaurus\n\nGallimimus\n\nTherizinosaurus\n***\n**Levels**: As mentioned, each level will be unique and diverse from one another with a variety of obstacles and enemies including a boss enemy. There will be 12 levels in total.\n\n**Level 1**: Jungle (Boss: Alien Bulldozer)\n\n**Level 2:** Desert (Boss: Sand Monster)\n \n**Level 3:** Beach (Boss: Mutant Mosasaurus)\n\n**Level 4**: Tundra (Boss: Snow Monster)\n\n**Level 5**: Cave (Boss: Giant Alien Drill)\n\n**Level 6**: Mountain (Boss: Mutant Pterosaur)\n\n**Level 7**: Volcano (Boss: Lava Turtle)\n\n**Level 8:** Laboratory (Boss: Xenosaurus)\n\n**Level 9**: UFO (Boss: Xenoraptor)\n\n**Level 10**: Alien Homeworld (Boss: Xenoceratops)\n\n**Level 11**: Alien Palace (Boss: Alien Tank)\n\n**Level 12**: Mothership (Boss: Xenosaurus Rex)\n\nAfter beating all the levels and the final boss, the aliens would get frustrated and send a meteor directly towards Earth. Your playable dinosaur ends up destroying the cannon, but was unable to stop the meteor. However, it does accidentally beam more dinosaurs into the mothership (enough to sustain a population) and they end up on another planet the aliens own. So the dinosaurs survive the K-T extinction on another planet for humanity to rediscover in the far future, AND they’ve saved the Earth from invasion. \n***\n**Power ups/Items**: Throughout the game, you’ll encounter a few power ups and items to help you along your journey. Some refill your health while others give you a temporary boost or buff. \n\nThese power ups include:\n\nShrubs/Dinosaur Corpses: Depending on whether you’re playing as a herbivore or a carnivore, you’ll encounter either of these items. Both serve the same purpose of healing you. They also come in different sizes which means the larger the shrub or corpse, the more health you recover. \n\nDinosaur Skulls: These act as 1-Ups and will give you an extra life. The maximum you can get are 100. \n\nBones: The currency of the game. Collecting 100 will give you an extra life. \n\nPteranodons: They serve as the game’s checkpoints. Once you pass them, they fly away from the tree/rock they were standing on. In levels 9 through 12, they’re replaced by miniature flying saucers.\n***\n**Other Features**: This game will include cheat codes to alter the gameplay in many different ways and a Dinosaur Guide which talks about the different playable dinosaurs including a few other prehistoric animals not playable in the game.\n\n**ESRB Rating/Consoles**: Dinosaurs vs. Aliens would rated T for Teen for mild violence including blood from both dinosaurs and aliens. The consoles it would be on are PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, and Xbox One."
jrztne,A top down co-op survival horror shooter with a twist,"This game would be a top down, dual stick shooter played with 2-4 players and the objective would be survive and run to some end goal. It would be possibly procedurally generated with rogue like upgrades, or a full story with consistent progression and new obstacles.. that part can be figured out later by the designer (I'd love to spitball ideas). \n\nThe twist is that players can only see the mob of enemies where their methods of sight (flashlights, line of sight, etc.) cross. \n\nThink a cone of dim light in front of you that lights up when it touches someone else's cone and both players can only see the intersection of the two light sources. (Not sure if I explained it correctly...)\n\nProgression could be gaining a circle around you that isn't dim so you can see enemies that are super close, gaining a wider cone of light for your character, gaining different weapons, an active item that marks where enemies are, etc. There are lots of ideas that can bounce from this huge obstacle. \n\nThis is my first time posting so don't murder me in the comments 😂"
jryvc6,Should Rockstar make Previous GTA titles remastered?,Aight so hear me out I was watching YouTube and I thought of GTA and I thought what if rockstar was to make a remastered version of their previous GTA games with ya know the better graphics like in GTA V? Let me hear what your opinions are in the comments!!
jrx79o,Tactical Battles,"I am looking for a game similar to total war but with a ""less refined"" engine and more of a tabletop chess like game. I enjoy studying battle plans like [this.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2c/Battle_of_Gaugamela%2C_331_BC_-_Opening_movements.png) I came up with a [Concept](https://imgur.com/xEpfEn1) that would allow me to play a battle like it is shown on the previous image. I feel like there is a market for this among armchair historians."
jrwv5v,"A competitive/cooperative RPG ""battle royale""","Imagine a combination roguelike/mmo raid/battle royale game.  Players will compete to reach the end of a dungeon where they must then cooperate in bringing down a raid boss.  During their race through the dungeon, players can earn loot to sell, gear upgrades, and experience.\n\nThe dungeon is randomized each time, but all players face the same instance.  They also always start at experience level 1, as they lose all experience when they exit a dungeon (by death or by victory).  However, the playing field isn't completely equal (this is an RPG by nature, after all...  more on that later).\n\nEach dungeon consists of 64 players, and four floors.  During the warm up time, players are randomly assigned another player to compete with.  When the game begins every player starts exploring the dungeon, killing enemies for experience and various loot, and looking for new gear to equip.  However, they're also looking for the exit to the first floor that's protected by an elite enemy (to act as a stat check), and only one of the paired players can go through the exit (the ""loser"" in the race has their exit shut).  Not only that, but there's a timed hazard (4 minutes in?) in each dungeon that will eventually force the players to move on or die.\n\nWhen the first player completes a floor, an announcement is made to everyone, and a 30 second countdown begins before the second floor starts.  This acts as a buffer to allow the other players time to catch up so they aren't left too far behind, and also allows the faster players time to optimize their gear and stats.  The first player to the exit is paired off against the second player, the third against the fourth, etc.  In the situation where an odd number of players makes it through the exit, the final player isn't paired against anyone, but they are also likely behind on the race to the next door and may have less time on the new floor before facing the timed hazard.  Players will find themselves both hoping to make it to the final floor, but also to have enough competent players to face off against the dungeon's boss.\n\nWhen players leave the dungeon, they only keep the loot earned.  Gear and experience are both lost.  Loot can either be sold, or used to craft trinkets that provide certain perks during a dungeon run.  These perks don't provide players with a head start in a dungeon, but can ensure certain benefits from gear they find.  For example, they may get a guaranteed chance to crit on every helmet, or only find a particular class of weapon, or might even get more loot drops.  While such bonuses can definitely give a player an edge and allow them to focus certain playstyles, it doesn't guarantee better stats on gear in the dungeon.\n\nDefeating a dungeon's end boss grants special loot that will be associated with particular gear slots that can define a player's ""role"", most likely weapons, and loot that can be crafted into vanity items."
jruwgx,Beginner/intermediate 3D game,"I have no ideas for a simple 3D game that can be made within a month.\n\nSingleplayer 3D only, any genre."
jru8zl,A fps where you collect gun charms,So in the begging lets say there's 500 burger charms the burger charm  can be stole of your gun when you die. But you can steal it back of other people. The more people play the more charms appear. But you get a bonus for taking your charm into battle
jru57v,An idea.,"I'm no developer, I simply lack the talent and time to be one. But I've had this idea of some time which maybe one of you talented people could look into. \nA game about PTSD.\n\n It'd start off simple, you're a normal person going to work a public place whatever. You see people die and get shot and you barely escape the grip of death. After a recovery period at the hospital, doctors think you're good to go back to your life. You start to get flashbacks longer and harder and more terrifying each time. You always try to do something to change the outcome of the incident but you never can. I think it should involve decisions that would change the ending from getting help to the worst ending committing suicide. \n\nNow this is a very rough idea but with proper research and someone actually talented working on it could be something not only fun to play but perhaps helpful."
jrsmml,Enemy Fear/Intimidation Mechanic,"This sort of thing could work in just about any game with enemies. For this, I will imagine it as an RPG.\n\nA common complaint/observation about games is that the enemies typically have no sense of self-preservation. Here's how that can be fixed:\n\nAn invisible **""fear meter""** for hostile NPCs. The meter starts at 0 points and there will be a certain number, called the **fear threshold**, that they can eventually reach. Once they reach it, they flee. Alternatively, they might surrender or hide. I will go into detail on that in the bonus section. Exactly what number the fear threshold *is* can depend on a number of factors. It could scale with their intelligence (a less intelligent enemy is less likely to flee), wisdom (a more wise enemy is more likely to flee), or it could scale with their level/power (if they think its less likely that they flee, they probably won't). Or it could have a whole new stat: Bravery.\n\nSay an enemy's fear threshold is 150.  Each time you kill one of their allies or they find a corpse, they gain 25 ""**terror**"". Killing an enemy that is stronger than them could add 50 terror. As they lose HP themselves they might gain terror (possibly 0.5 per missing HP).\n\nBut for every point of HP *you* are missing, the terror of nearby enemies goes down by one. This makes it so if you are on the edge of death, they'll be more likely to try and finish you off. If you heal midcombat, it adds those terror points back, so they might be like ""Oh fuck this"" and run when your wounds suddenly heal.\n\nArmor, weapons, and possibly even spells can have a hidden (or not so hidden) intimidation stat. Each point of intimidation causes an enemy to gain that many terror points the first time they see you (or see the spell in use). Some spells might aim only to invoke fear, creating illusions of horrible nightmares that add 50 or more terror to anyone seeing it, while others might try to both harm and scare. If someone waves their hand and your friend disintegrates or their head explodes, you'll probably be more scared than if they launched a couple magic darts. Some armor might focus more on intimidation than practicality, possibly just scaring away enemies before they attack you at all... But those brave enough to face you will find it easier than expected.  \n\n\n\#**BONUS**  \n*These parts could be difficult to implement, but are pretty neat. I think that the system above works just fine, but these can expand on it and make it more entertaining or more difficult.*\n\nBehavior might change as they get closer to their fear threshold. They may begin to fight more defensively, try to distance themselves and attack from range, or attack more frantically (possibly gaining speed but losing some damage or accuracy). \n\nEnemies may be more likely to use their stronger attacks if they are near their fear threshold. If they think they are going to die anyway, they might use a bomb or a powerful explosion spell more recklessly than they normally would, and if they have limited uses for a strong ability they might just start using it all on you.  \nThere could be alternate reactions when they reach the fear threshold. While they will usually flee, some might hide from you (possibly attacking again later or spying on you) or they might surrender. If they surrender, you can choose to either kill them or spare their life. If you spare their life, you can then either take the loot they would have had anyway or you can send them out to tell others what you did. This can change your reputation, if the game has a reputation mechanic. If you already have a reputation for being ruthless and leaving no survivors, that probably increases the chance that they flee instead of surrender. Could even send those who surrender out on a mission for you, though that definitely depends on the kind of game you're making. Also, could be funny if low constitution/vitality enemies have a chance of dying from heart attack when they reach the fear threshold.\n\nThere could be a spell of some kind that lets you detect enemy fear. Maybe their heart beats faster the more terror they have, maybe they glow red or orange, or maybe it's just a number next to them. If this is a game where you have allies, the fear mechanic could work on them too. You can have bravery spells that remove terror (can be used on enemies too, to ensure they can't flee if you have trouble catching up).\n\nAlcohol can decrease terror, both of your enemies and your allies.\n\nFear meter can also apply outside of combat. Merchants will have a lower ""social"" fear meter (Usually \~50), which is meant to only rely on your passive terror increase from armor and what-not. As you get closer to the fear threshold, prices get higher, but once you hit that threshold the prices go down by a lot. So you may want to try and look less intimidating when you head to the market, but if you can pull it off you can reap some good rewards. Doing things that are more.. *active* ways of inciting terror, like killing nearby people and summoning giant nightmare demons, will just cause them to not sell to you at all and might get the guards called on you.  \n\n\nThat's about it. I think this is a really interesting mechanic and I never do see many mechanics posted here, so I figured I'd go for it."
jrs4ds,"Like r6, but more... realistic?","Each team has 6 operators, each operator has their own unique gadget and every operator has access to a list of weapons and attachments to use, if you want a full team of suppressed uzis go for it. No respawns. Team names are depending which gamemode. Every map has 4 floors, no basements.\n\nGamemodes: Explosive Extraction (Owls vs Badgers), Cargo Escort (Rhinos vs Rapters), Protect the President (Delta vs Omega), and Secure Intel (Frankin vs Kemosabe).\n\nExplosive Extraction is a hostage and bomb based gamemode. There is 1 bomb and 2 hostages. If the hostages are extracted Owls win. If the bomb is defused Owls still have to extract hostages, but will gain more time (2 minutes). If the everyone on the Badger team dies, Owl team still has to defuse the bomb. It takes 2 people to diffuse the bomb and 2 people to extract the hostages. 4 rounds. Each round is 5 minutes long.\n\nCargo Escort is played on a cargo ship. Rhino team is the ship's security and Rapter team are essentially pirates. If one team takes out everyone on the opposing team, they win. Basically team deathmatch without respawns. 4 rounds. Each round is 5 minutes \n\nProtect the President takes place in random embassies in the world. Delta has to protect a high value target from Omega. Delta team starts on the roof via helicopter and has to keep the target safe for 5 minutes. 4 rounds.\n\nSecure Intel is at a terrorist base. Franklin team has to breach the base (a large house) and steal intel from a computer, but there are 6 computers in the house and only 1 of them has the intel. Kemosabe team are in charge of hiding the computer with the intel, they cannot keep the computer on them nor can they pass it to each other. They can however give false information by defending the wrong computer on purpose. 4 rounds. Each round is 4 minutes long.\n\nNow for the operators (no names cuz i havent thought of them yet :/)\n\nThe attackers: \n\nOperator 1: access to a UAV, when called in they choose which floor for the UAV to check. After the check the operator will receive a message of how many operators are on that floor. If majority of the team is on a certain floor the UAV will call out to Operator 1 that there is movement on that floor, but will not give out the number of enemies.\n\nOperator 2: access to a tear gas grenade launcher. Based off the milkor mgl, shoots 6 rounds of tear gas. Tear gas disorients the vision and movement speed of the defenders by 50% and for 5 seconds. Tear gas rounds release gas on impact and has a 5 meter radius for 15 seconds. They will only have 6 rounds so they have to be used wisely.\n\nOperator 3: access to a riot shield with a hole in the middle that can open and close. When open Operator 3 can shoot their sidearm, but with 40% less accuracy, defenders can shoot through this hole. To open the hole Operator 3 just has to aim in. Operator 3 is the only operator that can't have a primary weapon. (so much for the team of suppressed uzis) \n\nOperator 4: has access to thermal vision goggles. Can carry 1 extra smoke grenade. When equipping goggles movement speed decreases by 10%. Operator 4 cannot see through more than 2 smokes.\n\nOperator 5: has access to EMP grenades. Total of 3 grenades. Can disable any defender gadget. But if thrown poorly and lands on teammates, it will disable teammates gadgets. Disables gadgets for 7 seconds.\n\nOperator 6: Medic. Takes 5 seconds to heal each bullet wound. If an operator was shot 2 times, it would take 10 seconds to fully heal. Medic can stop the healing process after healing just 1 bullet. Medic can heal themself, it takes them 3 seconds to heal each bullet. Each team will have this operator. \n\nAttacker have access to a snake eye camera\n\nThe defenders:\n\nOperator 1: has access to camouflage. Operator 1 has to be right next to a wall or proned on the floor to do his thang. It takes 20 seconds to camouflage what ever his stomach is up against, the prompt will only show if his stomach is against something. It does not happen on its own, the player has to hold down on a specific key or button. They can be seen through these methods, the attacker hugging a wall and noticing a bump or the attacker walking through a hallway and noticing a bump on the floor. Operator 1 can camouflage as many times as they'd like. And has a bowie knife cause why not.\n\nOperator 2: has access to proximity devices. When an attacker enters the proximity devices 10 meter range, a ringing will play until the attacker leaves the proximity or destroys the device. Operator 2 will have 4 devices. \n\nOperator 3: has access to trip wires. Once tripped the attacker will be electrocuted taking off 10% of health and disabling them for 10 seconds. Operator 3 will have 5 trip wires. Wires stay after being used, but you will probably shoot it out after someone triggered it.\n\nOperator 4: has access to a hacking device. They can hack into some attackers gadgets. For example they can hack into the UAV and give wrong information, but they have to have a visual on the UAV and cannot stay on it more than 5 seconds. If 1 attacker is dead, Operator 4 can hack into their communications, they can hear whatever the team is saying to each other for 10 seconds. \n\nOperator 5: has access to a gas mask. Operator 5 is essentially a direct counter to attacking operator 2. Operator 5 has another gas mask, but can only be used once and for a small amount of time. He can throw his extra mask to a teammate and the moment they put it on, it stays for the next 20 seconds. Operator 5 only has 1 so choose who you want to protect wisely.\n\nOperator 6: Medic.\n\nEach operator is the same speed and takes 3 assault rifle shots, 5 smg shots, depends on the shotgun range, and 4 pistol shots. The smg obviously has a higher fire rate than the assault rifle.\n\nEveryone is equipped with the beloved 1 shot kill knife."
jrlejf,Play as god!,"I had an idea that you would be able to control an entire world and create earth and life and if you want send fires to burn that life! You would be able to spawn in more humans, unlock more things to with more humans, and create a world! If you have any ideas please, comment them!"
jrilhk,Tunnelborne: A Sunless Sea Inspired Exploration and Trading Game,"Hello everyone! I'm currently developing a game with the working title ""Tunnelborne"" which will be set in a post-apocalyptic world where all of humanity was forced to retreat into an underground network of vaguely sentient tunnels. After a to be determined amount of years humans have colonized many key areas of the underground, and transport goods and people through the tunnels with a sort of maglev technology that isn't fully understood anymore. Point is: transportation doesn't require fossil fuel, which is too valuable to spare for anything other than critical power generation.\n\nCurrent planned features are:\n\n* Hex-grid based map with settlements in fixed locations that shifts the longer you spend at a settlement;\n* Reactive world that changes with or without player interference;\n* Fluctuating trade prices based on supply and demand;\n* Multiple friendly and hostile factions;\n* Ship and crew customization;\n* Storylines that span multiple generations and multiple characters.\n\nThe world develops over a theoretically infinite amount of playtime, since it's technologically stagnant and the only developments are socio-economical. In practice there will be certain key events that can be triggered to effectively give the player a ""game over"" of sorts, allowing them to start over with a fresh world.\n\nSome of the biggest inspirations for this game are Sunless Sea/Skies, Kenshi, the Mount &amp; Blade series and Dwarf Fortress (also Caves of Qud, to a certain extent).\n\nThank you for reading, I wish you all a lovely day/evening!"
jrhi4w,Let My People Go,"Working title idea\nYou are part of a community of thralls living in caverns below the earth serving a Great Old One as its slaves and food. You begin deeply in love with it and the initial playthrough involves somehow freeing yourself from the enthrallment. I imagine this would be stumbling on some secret. This section could be the tutorial or demo before playing the full game.\nYou then have to 1) convince as many people as possible to escape, 2) uncover secrets that help expose the Great Old One, 3) escape safely, and 4) don’t get discovered. \nThe gameplay would involve some social/reputation mechanic, puzzle solving, and stealth with no combat. Game ends when the player escapes and points are assigned based on how many people they’ve saved."
jrdhov,Trump's post-election Tower Defense,"I think we need a tower defense game based on his dellusional attempt to keep himself in the White House. The man is even building blockades and walls around the place. Put Giuliani and Mitch McConnell to shoot arrows or operate flame-throwers, I dunno. The actual defense systems escape me, but it would be great to exploit this crazy situation for our leisure."
jr9hhh,New to programming,"Hello everyone, im new to the community and I am reaching out for help regarding Gaming engines. Specifically I want to learn gaming engines that don’t require coding. I have made a list of several engines but my concerns are that these engines might be limited. I want to make an RPG Platformer. As far as more details, I wanted to know if these engines I have listed will be able to provide not only platforming abilities, and possible sprite creation but most importantly the ability to add Character stats (similar to Fallout) while adding experience points to level up (like a Final Fantasy game). Engines that I have come across are as such: Buildbox, Game Salad, Construct 3, Gdevelope, Stencyl. Thank you for your time."
jr9bmu,I need a setting to make a nice render of an arcade machine,"I'm not sure this is the right sub, but I'm looking for ideas and it's related to games.\n\nSo I made a neat arcade machine on Blender and to make a nice render of it, I'm looking for ideas for a setting to fill the empty space around it.\n\nI thought about something of a bar, like with a wall, wooden floor and stuff on the wall, or maybe a room with a lot of neons but I'm not satisfied by either ideas.\n\nSo where would you see an arcade machine? What would surround it?\n\nIt's themed around Kung Fury if that helps"
jr92bw,Traffic Warden Simulator,"So this is an idea that could go either way but think it would be a fun concept, Working on street as a Traffic Warden in the UK (somewhat like Police Simulator) giving out parking tickets for numerous Contraventions such as parking on double yellow lines, parking in a permit bay with out a permit to parking in a disabled bay, having it as an open world game choosing which areas you cover whether it being on foot by moped or even car with leveling up unlocking new equipment starting on with pad and pencil to the latest handheld devices, dealing with abuse, and being put into crazy situations, just thought this would be a fun but silly game."
jr526s,First person among us?,"I don't have to describe this, do I?"
jr4gjt,"A hack and slash boss rush, against super horrid superheroes","Gameplay premise like a hybrid between the boys and No more heroes, where you play as a vigilante task to take down a gaggle of horrible corrupted superheroes, like a super horrid version of the avengers or justice league.\n\nAt first i consider, to make the player something like the punisher or billy butcher, no super powers just use any weapon they could like swords and firearm, but in a gameplay that doesn't really sound fun or original in gameplay, it would basically be a generic third person shooter or a poor man's devil may cry.\n\nSo instead you are a super power too, but unlike other supers, you learn about humility the hardway, enough where the goal to take down shitty avengers is personal, gameplay loop is basically your super power, and i consider something like airbending due to the mobility potential aswell as weaponising air."
jqyerw,"""Rock, Paper, Scissors"" as an RPG.",
jqwhxv,"prophecies fortold, a point and click game about being one of multiple unheeded prophets.","in this game you play in one of a series of scenarios (similar to the game live a live) as someone who predicts an apocalyptic event, whether you are a medieval hermit that knows of a monster or a modern vagrant that knows of a meteor. in these scenarios you have to click and point your way to stopping the apocalypse, by paying the local blacksmith to make the legendary sword, or using your crippling student debt degree to convince the scientists at the lab that even though you broke into their place that there really is a meteor approaching."
jqv2id,What if the Sims would have different languages/ different types of Simlish?,"Simlish as a unifying language is fine and nice but wouldn't it be cool to have different types of Simlish (therefore different languages) in the Sims games?\n\nThe languages would be handled like an ability which means that the Sim can learn the other language(s) by reading books or speaking with other Sims from that language group.\n\nWhen their language level is still low, they have only a few topics they can talk about and they are often misunderstood, which could lead to another Sim's embarrassment or anger 😬\n\nAs they improve their skills, the variety of topics improves and they can also show off their knowledge and make a joke only linguists can understand.. I ... I mean I got a few when EA needs help with that 🥲\n\nJust a thought but I would love it 🥰"
