id,title,clee
od64gu,Social &amp; creative club,"hey everyone, I have a discord community for creative content makers to discuss their work but also very active in the social sections as well- we play a variety of games almost nightly ovet voice chat (jackbox, gartic phone, among us, cards against humanity etc etc) if you're interested in joining us stop in and say hi (: https://discord.gg/mVGWSTHp"
od5sm6,Viva Pinata 3,"When is the internet gonna get Rare to make another Viva Pinata? It's been 23 years, Rare, just give us the game we all want. Imagine having underwater pinatas to care for and a bunch of new land and air animals as well. There could be cosmetics, new shops, new terraria modifications, BETTER MULTIPLAYER!!! I will not allow myself to die before this game comes out, if ever. How do you feel about another Viva Pinata game?"
od28ij,Terminator: Endwar,"RTS Terminator game similar to Command and Conquer/Halo Wars, set after Judgement Day. Play as Resistance Factions and slowly take over the map one sector at a time. Invest in Research projects to unlock new devastating weapons, as well as hack Terminators for your own use."
od0tm7,I'm here to help,"Idk if there's a place or a subreddit that I could announce this in, so I'm writing here. \n\nIf you have a game idea that is still in the works and you need help, I'm here! I am in no way an expert but I want to help in any way I can, and I am really good at developing ideas. If you ever need assistance in a game idea, DM me here on reddit and I'll answer as soon as I'll see it. Please consider my offer.\n- u/shnoozeldoozel"
ocyjv7,UVB-76 : You are a Soviet radio operator tasked with decrypting radio messages for the spy networks and nuclear operations.,"**Plot:** UVB-76 nicknamed ""The Buzzer"", is a real life Russian numbers station. It's thought to give radio commands to spies and agencies spread out through the sphere of Russian influence. The player is a Soviet radio operator tasked with decrypting messages.\n\n**Audio files:** The game dev could source sound samples directly from sites dedicated to recording them: https://priyom.org/military-stations/russia/the-buzzer\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/c/HuyVuVan2005/videos\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7qTzgD6MTY\n\n**Mechanics:** The game will centre around first by jotting down message using a table of russian letters, then ""decrypting"" the audio message into command codes. Then transferring the message to command and operatives according to procedure. The real life messages are known to follow a set structure that can be relied upon, and the player can be rewarded/penlised for how accurate they are. The dev or other players provide the ""expected"" \n\n**Aesthetic:** In the style of a spooky Papers Please, and follow a gradual story progression as the truth is discovered."
ocxexw,Under Fire,"A turn based game, in which you play as a firefighter trying to put out fires. Before the match starts there is a planing phase in which players are told where the fire will start and spread to next turn. Players are then tasked to put out these fires and save civilians with limited resources and turns. The game will start with simple kitchen fires, but progressively get more difficult like an entire house fire to a fire in a high skyscraper. Then it becomes super over the top and you gotta stop a volcano or something. You’ll level your firefighter as you play, getting better gear and better abilities that fit your play style. It could be played alone or up to 4 player co-op. There could even be a versus mode in which a player controls the fire and another player(s) tries to put it out."
ocv2zs,UFO Investigator RPG/Survival Horror game idea,"Not sure if this has been suggested here before but I have been watching the X-Files recently and this has sort of popped into my head. It'd be cool to have an RPG/survival horror game where you play as an agent of a shadow department (i.e one that doesn't officially exist) where your purpose is to investigate UFO cases, abductions by the entities involved with them, etc, etc. A puzzle aspect of the game could figure quite heavily in the form of trying to piece together evidence, there could be double agents within the department from other departments trying to sabotage your progress with misinfo etc, etc. \n\nYou could have a range of classes focused on different strengths, for example it'd be intriguing to have a class option for someone gifted with extra sensory abilities, one with a strong background in forensics and maybe something more combat focused. Just to give three potential examples. \n\nI know this is pretty brief and rushed out but does anyone have any thoughts?"
octo4z,A party game that can totally ruin friendships,"It’s called Opinionated. 10 players are sitting at a ring-shaped table. Each round, the players are given the same question, formatted like “What is your opinion on _________?” People write their opinions in 30 seconds, and then each opinion is displayed, but it does not show who said which opinion (to combat bias against a player). Each player has to choose which opinion was their favorite and least favorite. The player with the opinion with the lowest score is eliminated. This goes on until there are only 2 players remaining. In this last round, it goes the same, except the eliminated players vote on which one is their favorite. The person with the highest score wins :D Pretty much, it’s a game to see how easily you can offend your friends, and it can definitely make you lose them!"
octjpf,Weird Survival Game,"This is a game that, honestly, I have thought up more of the story than the game, but you guys can give me ideas for actual gameplay.\n\nThe game is called Coma. You are living in an apartment in a big city. You girlfriend has gone off to work, and you are staring out the window thinking. Just thinking. I forgot why, but you are suspicious of one of your coworkers.\n\nAll of a sudden someone tries to chokehold you, then there is some sort of fight scene, and if you manage to get to the last part without failing, you are in the kitchen grabbing a knife. You can sense that the are about to try to hit you with something. If you are frame-perfect, the game ends lol (just for speedrunners i guess lol). But if you fail...\n\nYou wake up in a forest. You see on one tree a sign that says “7 Days”. And then it gets blown by the wind into the sky. You have 7 in-game days to survive in forest. Somehow you have to collect certain things in order to climb up a tree that has a book at the top. It simply says “You are done”. And then you lose your balance and fall. In the air, the book if falling with you. If you manage to grab it before you hit the ground, you float into the sky...\n\nYou wake up in a hospital bed with your girlfriend next to you. The nurse says that you were in a coma. Your coworker was the man trying to kill you in your apartment. After that experience inside the coma, you appreciate nature and the wilderness much more, and after you recover, you and your girlfriend move deep into the forest.\n\nThis is so dumb, this is more of a Wattpad story than a video game idea, but yeah the gameplay parts are the interactive cutscenes and the survival in the wilderness. Maybe there are bears and stuff, and you have to craft stuff in order to find the stuff in order to craft the thing that helps you climb the tree? I don’t know, but that’s all I got. Any ideas?"
oct7j6,First Person Twist,"This is totally not becoming a game, but just wanted to say cuz some features are interesting for ideas for different games maybe.\n\nPretty much, it’s round based, and it’s multiplayer and there are different maps. You just want to get the most kills out of everyone, but you start with no weapon. Around the map there are many different things that might seem like background stuff for decoration, but you can use them to hit and throw at people and kill them. It’s like using everyday objects to kill people.\n\nThis next part will be a little bit of a reach, but maybe there are NPCs that if they notice you are dangerous can call 911, and if you don’t kill them before they call 911, the police will come and try to arrest or kill you.\n\nAlso was thinking of random power-ups that are cringy references, but that’s just me."
ocsfeg,Potential game mechanic?,"I had a random thought, would it be possible to make it so that an rgb keyboard could be use as a quick time mechanic? Light up  a key instead of an on screen prompt  I don't know how it would be implemented or developed, but I think it would be an awesome way add  something new to an rpg or even shooter."
ocqly5,A Life Simulation game where the society is created by the players.,"The game has 32-Bit Graphics that aren’t restricted to the oversized pixels.\n\nThe setting is confusing cuz the cities look futuristic and there are some futuristic technology things (like teleporters that you can change the location to where you want to teleport to), but besides that, everything else is current society stuff. There are farms and beaches and mountains and forests that look normal and stuff. Also don’t know whether to have a generic map for each island, or have each island be randomly generated, or just have a whole, randomly generated, pretty much infinite world.\n\nAnyway, the idea is, it’s an online multiplayer game. You have 3 life slots. When you start a life you can change how you look, and you can choose the colors of what your 3 sets of clothes look like. You are also given a phone (with many cool features, like texting, a camera, and an app store where you can install player-made apps (somehow, I have no idea how that would work, probably shouldn’t be an idea, but would be cool)), a certain amount of money or whatever, and... that’s it. I guess. Anyway. you choose where you want to start, and, I mean, I have been focusing more on the city part for ideas, but pretty much, it is a player-made game. All of the food you eat is from players that are farmers and stuff. And all of the companies are player-made. I have way too many cool features in my head, but yeah. Your whole experience is player-made. Anyway, each city will have 256 blocks, and each block will be 16 by 16 lots, but there are 6 levels. They aren’t just skyscrapers, they kind of form a pyramid. It’s hard to explain. Anyway, each lot will cost some amount of money based on how close it is to the ground and city center, and yeah.\n\nThe chat can be that you can choose a generic voice or literally record every sound in the text-to-speech thing with your own voice if you want. The main feature will be voice-to-text-to-voice chat. You can still be walking and not have to type anything. You just hit the chat button and record yourself, check if it says what you want it to say, and send. And then if you want in settings you can have it so that it only goes to text instead of voice, but voice will be default, because then it can be based on how far you are from the talker, and, you get it. Awesome, right?\n\nAlso, you have a hunger bar, a stamina bar, a happiness bar, and an overall health bar. If your health goes to zero, you die, and that life is lost along with all of the stuff and accomplishments you’ve had. I was also planning on having realistic sicknesses in a decently simple way, and you need to maintain a decent diet and stuff with nutrients, cuz the food has that stuff. Heck, maybe the food can even have a likability stat that tells how likely it is that your character likes it. The more a character hates a food, the more their happiness will go down, and vice versa. \n\nMaybe I’m going a little too far, but I am an idea machine right now lol.  I have way more ideas for this game, but I can already see the top comment saying “Really cool idea, but from a realistic view, you’re asking for way too much.” I get that, but I just wanted to share it :)"
ocp58w,"You play an invisibly small alien visiting Earth's past battlefields. You must change history by slowing time, grappling onto arrows/bullets mid flight and steering them where they do most damage. You can hop from one to another once you've altered its trajectory or...","...you can stay attached and use the grappling lines to charge up the shot for different effects like sonic-boom (deafens enemies in earshot along its path causing them to drop weapons and clutch bloodied ears), hollow-point, explode-on-impact, ignite-on-impact, pierce (let's you shoot through one enemy and out into another) etc etc"
oclhdy,Protect the button,This is a strategy teamwork game\n\nIf the button gets pressed it will drop a nuke on you to stop it from happening\nYou have to close doors\n\nYou have a team of five people\n\nAnd your goal is to hunt down\n\nA terrorist\n\nIt is a 2D game\n\nThe terrace can change into peoples outfits\n\nPlace cameras\n\nAnd place explosives around the map\n\nKills with knife or gun\n\nThe players guarding the button however\n\n\n\nCan you close any door at any time\nBut only three at one time\n\nCan shoot a gun also no knifes\n\nHack cameras\n\nCan shoot tracker bullets into people\nBut not show who they are tracking\n\n\nBut the terrorist can take out the tracker bullet in 15 seconds still moving\n\n\nEverybody spawns in random areas in the map\n\nThe map is giant\n\nIt leads the people guarding the button to the button\n\nNot the terrorist though
ocje4l,1v1 Horror Strategy Game (plus first person controls)," \n\nHello  everyone! I have a new game idea that I think could be great, but  before I pursue it I want to see if others think it could be successful  as well. It is a horror strategy game that would have a similar feel to  chess where you have pieces (horror characters) that you can move around  a board/map while the player themselves can also run around and act as  another character. Think of FNAF-like movement where each character can  be moved from room to room. Each player would have a team of characters  that they could move around. Characters can fight each other, there is  also player v player and player v character. You would control the  characters with a tablet while you run around as the player, using  sounds and clues given by each character to figure out where the enemy  is.\n\nI  think exploring these ideas alone could result in a cool game, but I  still need an end game or win condition. I thought of maybe progressing  the characters to certain places to control areas in the map (domination  kind of gameplay) or maybe just kill the other team.\n\nIf  there is anything you would add or get rid of, or maybe a cooler win  condition please let me know! I think the mechanics could be really cool  if done right, but I want to see what other people think."
ocg0lf,AI manipulation,"so what if this was a stealth game was about manipulating AI, so like if there's a croakadile(frog/crocodile) then it'l bite the player but if you put a dragonsly(sly dragonfly) in the guards pocket then it will get distracted. you might even be able to steal it and tame it, and you could trick it into gobbling up guards in the next mission. wouldn't have crazy graphics, so low poly 3D gameplay could work. of course, you could do whatever you want with the idea, this is just a suggestion if you have no ideas. i don't know how many people it would take, with what budget, and for how long, so i'll mark it AAA."
oce74w,"My internship is boring, any idea for a game about cartography ?","I'm stuck in an internship for a cartography company, and all they are doing is back-end or integration stuff that I don't like, so I'm wondering whether I could convince the boss to let me make a game that promote his company for them.\n\nBut I'd need a good idea!\n\nIt could be about maps, topology, winds, currents...\n\nI hope you get inspired! :D"
ocd2yt,Bureaucratic nightmare puzzle game,"You are a young entrepreneur excited to start your own business. The only step left to take is to get the official approval from the government, but it is when you meet the dystopian bureaucracy that you learn that this is going to be the hardest part of your journey.\n\nYou start at the gates of a huge government building, in front of you are long, lifeless corridors with countless doors to either side. In you hand, you have got a form, and the address of the office you have to go to. After finding the right place, a door labelled with strange glyphs and a very non-descriptive job title. Making your way inside and presenting your documents to the worker, you are promptly rejected: it is not possible for them to grant your request without first being presented with further documents. They give you a few vague hints as to who might be responsible for those and send you off on your odyssey through the building, navigating the maze like corridors to finding the right people and fulfilling their increasingly ridiculous demands based on their increasingly unhelpful hints.\n\nThe main gameplay concept consists of two tasks: Learning the language of bureaucracy to know what you need to do, and figuring out how you can actually meet those requirements. \n\nThere are three main objects to the gameplay: Door labels, responses, documents, and forms. The door labels, as you will figure out while playing the game, are not random. Encoded in them are where in the building the door is located, and what the person inside is responsible for. Learning to interpret those will allow you to more quickly find where you need to go: If you need to acquire some document, you will need to ask yourself, what glyphs and job title someone providing it should have, and what place in the building those would correspond to. The responses you get from workers in response to providing documents or forms, initially, serve as a sort of tutorial, giving you some clues as to what some things might mean, but will, later on, also mainly consists of codes whose main function is to inform you (as soon as you know how to interpret them) as to what the person actually requires of you. Documents are what you might get from the bureaucrats for providing them with forms and documents. They are usually tokens of success (doing what the person required of you), but may later on also contain information dependent on how you filled in the forms (again in the form of glyphs and weird codes) that could be part of another persons requirements. Forms are, apart from figuring out whom to talk to and presenting documents, your main way to interact with the game. You are handed forms by some people and are then tasked to fill them out: On the form, you will find some glyphs up top that tell you what the form is about, as well as a few multiple choice questions, labelled only by glyphs whose answers are (you guessed it) again glyphs. Once you have submitted the form, you will receive a response indicating whether you have filled out the form correctly, and you may receive some of the previously mentioned documents.\n\nOver the course of the game, your main challenge will shift: At the beginning, you will feel quite lost, not sure what any of the glyphs mean and not really knowing why your forms are accepted or rejected. Once you start to learn the codes, though, and you feel like you finally understand how the bureaucratic machine works, your focus will change to figuring out how exactly you need to answer the forms to get what you want. This might be as simple as figuring out which of the responses satisfy all of the multiple requirements, or it may require you to think outside of the box: If I need to submit this form to multiple people, do the documents they give me actually depend on my answers, or can I change the form before giving it to the second worker? Does the bureaucrat actually care about all of the document, or could I get away with handing them the wrong one?\n\nWill you be able to navigate the bureaucratic nightmare and finally be able to start your own business?\n\nTLDR: Heaven's Vault meats Papers, Please with more puzzles."
ocd1rn,"Figuring out my zombie/ish/undead trope characters for my fighting game, this is what I have so far","One is a combat medic female nurse who was in love with her bf/lover general doctor, who she tried to save and protect, but the doctor ended up becoming more and more of a monster, almost zombie-Frankenstein monster. You can switch between both duo fighters back and forth. The medic being more fast and close range but weaker and the monster doctor being more slow and stronger.\n\nA parasitic infected zombie with symbiote abilities that was turned into a zombie in a lab. Can use it's symbiote parts as assistance to attack.\n\nAn early 20th century German alchemist who has been trying to find a cure during the Spanish Flu, who had become some form of a plague-like zombie and has been living the past 100's of years with this plague curse in isolation. He's sort of like a Dr. Jekyl/Mr. Hyde type character. He can turn into a stronger plague zombie each time he injects himself.\n\nA female telekinetic ghost from feudal Japan. She goes on with vengeance after her father and family were killed. She wears a kimono with long black hair covering her face with a spirit like undead appearance and uses telekinesis to attack. Possibly the use of necromancy of ghosts from her fallen homeland.\n\nAn undead zombie female also from feudal Japan. She carries vengeance after her husband was killed. SHE WAS AN Onna-musha female samurai warrior that had samurai armor and uses a naginata as her primary weapon. She is very fast, like a fast moving zombie and will rush in to jump, attack and slash at you and even teleport.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWhat do any of you think of my zombie trope ideas?"
ocbv3i,Mobile Multiplayer Gambling Game,"This mobile multiplayer gambling game wouldn't involve much gameplay.\n\nEach game consists of 1000 players trying to eliminate each other to win the jackpot.\n\nEvery day, you get one ""shot"", which you can direct using the compass and the game uses your location to identify if you hit someone, thus eliminating them. Each player antes a fee at the beginning of the game and the last player standing takes it all!"
oc7dpo,"Rhythm game, but also a side-scrolling shooter at the same time?????","The main character is a musician who fights monsters in their city and has collaborations with other artists (multiplayer... maybe), in this post I compiled some ideas for the game in no particular order.\n\nThe fighter (chosen/main character?) gets dropped off on a stage and receives a weapon + amount of ammo that corresponds to the chosen difficulty, (easy mode gives you a lot of ammo and guns, for example) \n\nUsing the amount of ammo the fighter receives, they have to win against the monster before it runs out. The monster will attack or show its weakness to the beat of the music, allowing the fighter to damage the monster (while it shows weakness) or doge.\n\nTaking damage, falling off the stage, or getting hit by the surroundings gives the fighter a permanent debuff which can last the entire game, or for only a few minutes ( bad aim, slowing down, lower defense, etc ) depending on the chosen difficulty.\n\nThe level ends with a grade, telling the player how well they've done, and the public's opinion on the fighter, the grade is decided by the following;\n\n*Is the monster killed by the fighter? Wounded enough for others to take care of it with ease, or gotten away with minimal damage?*\n\n*Is the fighter wounded during the fight?*\n\n*What equipment did the fighter use?*\n\n*What outfit did the fighter wear? ( flashy outfits make the public think you're cool, but doesn't affect the grade too much)*\n\nIf the fighter receives too many bad grades or is unable to continue fighting, they will retire.\n\nObviously inspired by games like Touhou and Friday Night Funkin, and if anyone's interested in programming this game,,, I can be your pixel art artist."
oc5yl3,An idea for animal AI,"I think it would be ccol to make animal AIs more like the mutants in The Forest. In The Forest when you first meet mutants they act more curious and act based on your actions. Also in real life many animals including predators aren't really just boring herbivours which their only purpose is only for resources/food and running away from players nor dangerous hunters which always hunt whatever they see crossing their eyes. They also make mistakes, are clumsy and do ""stupid"" or funny things or other weird stuff.\n\nDid you know that in Africa male elephants are reported to have sex with wild hippos? What if you were playing this hypothetical game where you would casually pick up four wheeled vehicle and driving along until suddenly a some kind of huge animal/alien like creature starts chasing you... You try to drive as fast as possible but you can't out run the beast. You panicly jump out of the vehicle and flee only to realise that the creature doesn't have any intrest in you... It seems to try to make an impression for the vehicle and starts some kind of sexual display and an attempt to mate with it. This doesn't last long however so you better take advantage of the situation and LEAVE!\n\n\nThese types of occurances will make them more unpredictable and makes the player cautious every time whether harmless or dangerous looking the animal may be."
oc35gs,Game/Simulation idea based on creating your own nerf guns and playing PvP matches like paintball.,"I always liked playing nerf guns and having with my friends you play in the house and shooting at each other after you run out of Foam darts you find them across the house. I thought what if players could create all these set pieces of guns according to their will and create their own guns, for example, Pistols, Shotguns, Assault rifles and even they can mix these types like having shotgun as an attachment in rifles. then share them among their friends and worldwide, Then use their guns to test and play with friends. \n\nInitially, they start with limited resource items and then progress by winning matches and they get rewards to build more setpieces or guns.\n\nThe game is played from a first-person perspective, of course, to make players feel immersed while creating the guns and shooting.\n\nThe multiplayer PvP follows the rules of deathmatch and paintball. The levels can be houses, outer environments, paintball arenas, etc..."
obyd9w,Human fall flat like game,"Hello ive created a multiplayer ragdoll player controller like human fall flat, and im planning to release full multiplayer game on mobile platforms. but I don't know what game modes should I add, should I add levels like human fall flat or should I add mini games and call it a day? im really confused any suggestion would be appreciated."
obunbm,2D Top-Down Barren Planet Survival,"Core Premise: You're in cryo with a few others, in a settler pod flying to a brand new paradise. You pass through an asteroid belt, and the ship gets pummeled, frying the nav system, and waking you up. You're able to steer the thing to the closest planet before the whole ship starts breaking apart. It's lifeless. Congratulations. You and your crew just inherited a wasteland planet of your very own.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAs a settler ship, it came equipped with everything you need to survive on a beautiful jungle planet... You're not on one. You've got seeds, saplings, a wrecked ship with limitless O2... if you stay on it... and an H2O generator for a small amount of water over time. You've also got exactly one O2 tank and a mask, the one from the ship's cockpit. The rest are somewhere floating around that asteroid belt with the back end of the ship... You're alone, and you can't get anyone out of cryo until there's plenty of food, water, and oxygen to go around.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe main idea is simple enough. You leave the ship with the O2 tank, and can scout for a little while before returning for more oxygen. You can collect some resources, but there isn't much out there. You need food, so it's time to plant some crops and trees in the tiny O2 bubble the ship is providing you. Everything will grow pretty fast because it's all futuristic, and genetically modified... not because it's a video game or anything...\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nFully grown crops will expand the O2 bubble just around them, but it will disappear once you've harvested them. You can plant trees to expand it better. They will provide a bunch of different resources, sparingly, like apples, or rubber. They will grow on the tree every once in a while, but will regrow over and over. The problem is, you've only got a limited number of saplings and seeds, and they all got jumbled up when you crashed. So, planting the original lot is a gamble. You won't get anything to grow unless it has at least some O2, so trying to plant beyond the bubble is pointless. You need to cut down trees for their saplings, but this will take away some of the O2 bubble, so you need to keep replanting. Only fully grown trees give enough O2 to expand it.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe broader your O2 bubble, the further you can explore, and the more the ground slowly becomes fertile with local plant-life (not all friendly), expanding out from your ship. This planet once had life, so there's plenty to explore. Maybe you can find something to help you survive...\n\nThe goal is to awaken some shipmates to automate some tasks, as well as bring life to this planet. There's also some building involved, just like any settler game, like lumber mills, and things of this nature."
obngb9,Point and click adventure set in a pokemon-like universe. (Or just a pokemon fangame),"And by that i mean monkey island with pokemon battles. That's pretty much it. You go around, have humorous conversations with other trainers, do item puzzles, and occasionally battle with your set (relatively small, only 3 or 4 mons) team, who are just as much characters as the humans, on a quest to do something that ISN'T becoming leauge champion.\n\n If we somehow COULD make it a pokemon fangame without getting sued (although judging by exactly WHAT Nintendo does or does not dmca being based on whether or not they're making a game with the same ideas [new mainline pokemon game, rereleasing mario 64, metroid 2 remake, mario 1 battle royale, etc], i think we'll be safe), I'd base a few things off of the kanto arc of the anime, such as having that one jigglypuff as part of your party, your rival(s) are as petty as the team rocket trio (with a nice jab at the old ""obvious disguise"" routine with the heroes immediately knowing it's them, but everyone else is still fooled, and the story forces them (the heroes) into going along with it.), and there are a few episodes adapted into the game.\n\nA few ideas for the team:\n\nAn eevee saved from the evil team, who did experiments on them to have them change evolutions at will like type:null. (Taken from the manga, and also used to add more variety to other trainers' teams)\n\nThe aforementioned jigglypuff, who acts like a showbiz diva\n\nA lucario who goes through a similar arc to ash's charizard\n\nPikachu libre, who wants to become famous in the battle frontier (or equivalent)\n\nA ditto with an identity crisis\n\nA male gardevoir or female gallade\n\nA shuckle who is convinced that he can evolve, and gets into wacky hyjinks attempting to do so (yes, i DID take that from dorkly, thanks for noticing!)\n\nA porygon-z that gets further corrupted and becomes missingno (Although it doesn't get the ""glitchy cuthullu"" portrayal missingno usually gets, instead it's trying to find a way to fix itself and un-evolve into a porygon-2.) If used, a puzzle should involve using its item duplication powers somehow."
objl14,Would this be possible in an fps?,"I've been a fan of first-person shooters for years now.   A dream of mine is to maybe develope my own one day. Fingers crossed. \n\nThe one thing I've always wanted is to eliminate lobbies. At least the traditional sense of them. With the power of the new consoles and their loading speeds, I think it's possible.  \nWhat if after every match ends, instead of going back to the pregame screen, you saw the characters traveling to the next map as a cinematic or mini-game? \nIt's not ground breaking but I'm pretty sure people would enjoy it."
obj2yh,Grappling Hook game idea,"Hey everyone, for the longest time I’ve wanted to create a fun replayable game with grappling hooks and fast movement. Do you guys have any ideas??"
obfap9,a 2d shooter game," \n\nimagine 2d overwatch, with abilitys and a ultimate, but YOU create the characters.\n\nyou make a character, then you give that character ability's and a weapon.\n\n1 main ability, 2 sub ability's \[the ones you actually use,\] and of course, your ultimate,\n\nyour sub-ability's you can select are based off your main ability, same goes for your ultimate.\n\nas an example :\n\nMAIN ABILITY : Time\n\nSub abilitys : Time skip \[a ranged instant teleport move, with some end lag\] Time Strike \[time skip but you attack during the time skip, dealing medium damage, and large knockback, and then teleporting back to where it was used\]\n\nUltimate : Time stop \[You well, Stop time around you for like, 15 seconds, projectiles freeze in the air, any melee strikes deal more damage and large knockback\]\n\nevery time you win a round, you gain XP, witch well. level you up. witch gives you points you can use to upgrade your abilities, making them more effective, or even giving them new effects, or change the move outright. \[like time skip becoming a smaller, 4 second time stop\]"
obec86,Simple yet expandable rougelike ideas?,"I'm looking for some new rougelike ideas that have a simple premise yet can be expanded upon into a full game if needed. My goal is to release *any* game, however, I always aim too ambitious and it never comes to fruition. I have many years of professional game dev experience (in a team) so don't worry if it's technically challenging. I'm just looking for something I can dedicate some time too away from my job as a solo personal project.\n\nThanks in advance for any ideas."
obcx7l,Health / Mana Bar Mechanic,"I recently thought of a interesting take on the normal health / mana bar system. Instead of having two bars, one for health and one for mana, you only have one.\n\n The catch is the helsrh amd mana bars grow from opposite sides and whenever there is empty space they both grow to fill in the empty space.\n\nSo lets say ur bar is 100 units. You could start off with 50 health and 50 mana. Lets say you take 20 damage and your health and mana grow at the same rate. Eventually you will get to 40 health and 60 mana. Then lets say you cast a spell that costs 50 mana. If you let your bar fill up, you'll have 65 health and 35 mana. \n\nThis introduces a bunch of play styles. Like you could play super safe and have alot of health, or you could be powerful but fragile. \n\nFrom a game narrative perspective theres a bunch of ways to take this. One I really like is that the mechanic is a cursed placed on a powerful wizard. \n\nNot sure what type of game this mechanic should be used in. My first thoighht was some action game / metroidvania would be best. \n\nI thought of this mechamic a while ago. I thinknots really interesting, but Im kinda burnt out rn. So hopefully someone else can make use of it"
ohcg4u,first person serial killer real event simulator with unreal engine 5,"recently i started working on my c++ language and now I'm working on unreal engine 5 , i had this idea for a long time and the new unreal engine would make it perfect,\n\nthe game i want to make is about recreating the crime scenes that happened in real life\n\nfor example: you can play as the zodiac killer, or play as ted Bundy and use your charisma to manipulate people and murder them in the right moment \n\nthe ted Bundy one will have choices and how and where you are gonna murder and the zodiac will be about driving and using your knife and gun and leaving notes and messages \n\nI will also use the new gore system in ue5\n\nlet me know if this is an interesting idea because if it is I will work on it soon as possible"
ohb75c,SuperShock,"So basically a superhero immersive sim. Using all the classic immersive sim tropes but adapting them to a superhero style. Basically you’d wake up as a character in a room with no recollection to your past. \n\nThrough a few story beats you find out that you’re in a government facility where they experiment on superhumans (or some fancy way of saying it). You yourself are also a superhuman who’s super power is that you can adopt powers from other super individuals when injecting their blood into yours. \n\nAs you progress you fineness yourself among an outbreak where a few superhumans have managed to escape their confinemens and the government agency has deployed their own special SuperHuman Culling Unit. You’re aided in escape by a fellow superhuman named Push who wants to help you out while also looking for his twin brother Push. In a skirmish where Pull gets shot and is dying, you’re able to extract his blood and start fighting back against rhe SCU. \n\nThroughout the game you’ll have to fight superhumans and gain their powers such as Osiris; a man that can turn his body into sand, Gravitas, a superhuman who can control gravity, and Madam LaRouge; a villain who’s able to hide in the shadows and make voodoo dolls of her enemies to torture them from afar and many more superhumans. \n\nYou’ll also be up against elite members of the SCU such as Knightwatch; a specially trained stealth soldier who’s able to blend in with his surroundings as he hunts you down with quiet weapons like a bow and knife, Expert (honestly couldn’t think of a name); a veteran soldier who carries around bullets and grenades that are able to disrupt the power of the superhuman individuals, and Cleric; a towering soldier clad in armor that isn’t so easily broken bolstering a single action rifle that is both stunning and powerful. \n\nBasically like any good immersive sim, using your powers in unexpected ways to achieve results in whatever manner you deem acceptable. I have an idea for a list of all the superhumans and SCU agents but that’s the gist of what I’d love to see in a game."
oh6vcb,Game Idea,"I had this game idea for a while it is a game where you are a stickman and you have to escape an evil base by doing puzzles, so what do you guys think?"
oh6rcj,VinylVR - App like EmuVR meant for music,"Some of you may be familiar with EmuVR, an app that aims to recreate a nostalgic experience of actually physically owning video games rather than popping a rom file into an emulator in a VR space. \n\n[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZsBaOFi9vM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZsBaOFi9vM)\n\nI already find this very cool, but it came across me that this same concept could be extended to Music, with physical media from Vinyls to CDs being represented and managable in your own VR music collection!\n\nYou would be able to sync it up with a streaming service or downloaded albums on your computer and build your collection in a variety of environments."
oh3xbw,1st person town builder game,My idea is to make a town builder game like clash of clans but you are a villager (like the Boss of the village of something). And you can run around in a 3d world in 1st person. Ik like the idea of a 3d world because Tjen there can be different cultures climats.
ogxugl,Transmission speed between units,"What kind of games/puzzles can be created based on the core mechanic that transmission speed between units is a factor?  My inspiration for this idea is my memory of getting a faster modem back in the BBS days.  Not only did things suddenly draw on your screen a lot faster but you were that much more capable of actually doing things\n\nOther than a long download we don't really think of time for units to communicate as being important anymore, since it's usually assumed to be instant, but the idea of faster transmission speeds between units enabling further game progress could yield some interesting game mechanics"
ogwmvy,Suggestions for my game.,[removed]
ogwjbs,Cool Core mechanics for a 3D platformer,"Do any of you have some cool mechanics for 3d collect a thon platformers that are as versatile as cappy from mario odyssey(has to be completely original) somthing that can be chained with the movement. Something that allows players to move around skillfully using a mechanic. Look at this video if u want to know what im talking about: https://youtu.be/z_KVEjhT4wQ. I already have an idea in mind, something similar to the copy ability from Kirby, but I dont know how it would be executed. Example: in odyssey, the capture mechanic is the ""core"" mechanic, and cappy is the way it is executed. That is what I am requesting. A cool way to execute a mechanic. I really want players to utilize the move set of this hypothetical game, so use this video if you want to know what I’m talking about. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rlmVxrq-3Go. ONE MORE THING, it has to be a ranged attack, but not too far from the player, because jumping on an enemy is hard."
oguqce,Short film/Skit Party Game,"If I was to describe this game in as little words as possible, it would be: charades except teams act out prompts in game with characters, props and sets, which is recorded with an in-game perspective camera, then shown to other players at the end of the round for voting. You must rank the other teams skits and they get points accordingly. \n\nFurther explanation:  \nThe teams are separated from one another before they get their prompts. Players would be given a selection of props, characters, and sets to choose from after they have their prompt. Then each player can take on different roles to act in the skit. One player controls the camera, which is an actual in game object (although they can set it up to point in a fixed position and remotely toggle recording on and off if they want to act as well). Whenever the camera is recording, players in game mics are also recorded. Each team gets a short set amount of time to design their skit and then act it out and record it, the time constraint should be tight to force impromptu and silly ideas. Teams can give their skits titles, and also add basic effects if they like. Once the timer is up, the teams are reconnected in a movie theater setting, and one after another, the teams skits play on the screen. Once all skits have played, you rank them in order of preference, and points are awarded accordingly.   \n\n\nAlternative ideas:  \n\- some teams might not get good characters, props, or sets for the prompt they are given, and so it might be better if each team actually creates the prompt and selects the props etc. for another team. For example, my team could give another team a dog and human character, some bowls, a house set etc. and the prompt ""if dogs had humans as pets, instead of the other way around"".  \n\- teams could also be rated on the quality of prompt they came up with and the props etc. that they paired with it.\n\nStyle:  \nI was thinking an isometric 3d topdown or third person with art similar to overcooked. You would of course have the ability to change to the in game camera's perspective to see exactly what it is seeing/recording though.\n\nI'm also welcome to any variations of this idea that make it more fun, simpler, or more feasible to create. Thanks."
ogrzdj,Randomly generated Zelda,"Zelda, but terrain and locations are random, but still for example mountain buildings are on mountains. An Idea for a game that will be different every time. (Except for saves)"
ogr6q9,Opinion on my survival game idea,"Hello guys I have a survival game idea and I need your honest opinion on it. \n\nIt will be based on the gameplay of unturned and tarkov. \n\nBut instead of having zombies or scavs there is demons, imps and other hell creatures. Based on that the game would feature some “magical” things like special weapons but it is still in reflection. \n\nPlease be honest and share your ideas 😄"
ogqzhw,Space 4X game where speed of light actually matters,"Hi all. Here's a little idea that came to my mind recently. I might attempt to prototype it one day, but feel free to use it if you find it interesting. \n\nThe game is set either in a tiny galaxy or a star cluster \~50 light-years in diameter. You start as a ruler of a single star system which is your capital/seat of power. The setting is hard sci-fi. Each turn takes a year of real time. During each turn, you have a pool of orders which you can spend to perform your usual 4X actions (build structures and fleets, do research, send exploration missions). \n\nThe main mechanic of the game is that the universal speed limit works just like in our universe. Your basic ships travel at 50% speed of light. Information travels by radio waves at light speed. If you have a colony that is 4 light-years away from your capital system and you order them to build something, this order will reach them in 4 turns. Same with the feedback information. If something happens in this colony, you will only learn about it after 4 turns have passed.\n\nI imagine this mechanic would lead to some interesting scenarios. A colony's gone black. Maybe it's just a busted transmitter and they'll resume the communication next turn? Or maybe something bad happened and you need to send a rescue mission? Or maybe send a fleet, just to be sure? Perhaps another colony has been attacked by an alien force. Does it make sense to send a fleet to that system? Could they still be holding with their meager garrison? Or should we write them off as a casuality and use this fleet to mount a defense elsewhere? You could also recruit governors of different types and send them across the stars to make some decisions in your stead, but of course, they wouldn't be 100% reliable (some could be corrupt or incompetent and in the worst case, they might want to rebel and secede from your empire).\n\nBasically, the incomplete/delayed information would work as a kind of a fog-of-war and put a brake on the snowball effect which is prevalent in this kind of games. \n\nThe main purpose of the technology tree in this game would be less about who can develop the best lasers/shields, and more about finding better ways to manage a vast, interstellar empire (FTL communications, warp gates, efficient bureaucracy, and so on)."
ogprjl,Self regulating difficulty mechanic in Time Traveling mech game.,"This game is about piloting a far future mech in a near future conflict. The main gimmick is that the time travel agency the player works for has a limited amount of mass it can send back in time for the entire campaign. The campaign will consist of a series of missions,  beating one will unlock the next. However the mass of the mech used to beat that mission will be subtracted from the total mass available for the entire campaign. Since this game is about time travel, the player can replay any mission they have already beaten and choose a different mech. Should they beat it with a lighter mech, that playthrough becomes the ""canon"" timeline and the mass freed up can go back to the campaign pool for future missions.\n\nThis will allow the player to explore the level on ""easy mode,"" driving the biggest most destructive mech, then switch out to smaller weaker mechs to increase the challenge. Completing the level with lighter mechs will allow the heavier mechs to be used in later missions. Hard core completionists can try to beat the game with mass to spare, while more casual gamers can still experience most of the content with a mechanic to encourage them to try a harder difficulty.\n\nAlso if you want to blow off some steam after a hard day of work you can stomp the biggest mech through the level that is giving you trouble for grins and giggles."
ogp7ok,I need ideas for a warioware type game,"I LOVE the warioware series, and i'm thinking of making a game in it's rapid-fire-microgame style, but i need ideas for the microgames. I'm sorting them into 8 categories:\n\nAnything goes: the miscellaneous category, i need some really easy ones (like your mom/sister) for the intro stage, then some hard ones (that's what s/he said!) For the last stage\n\nFantasy: stuff with magic/strange creatures and a lack of technology.\n\nArcade: the equivalent of the 9-volt stage, these are refrences to anything from the arcades, preferably namco, atari/midway, sega, and those non-digital arcade games like skee-ball or wack a mole. I KNOW the boss game is going to be dance dance revolution.\n\nThe movies: basically every bad parody movie ever as a stage, these games should parody famous movie scenes.\n\nSports: speaks for itself. Don't be afraid to use some more obscure sports for these.\n\nOld-school viral videos: the kinds of things that were popular on early YouTube. Fails, lame dancing, and pets reign supreme in this stage.\n\nThat's life: stuff that can be recreated with things you have at home. The things that dr crygor's stages in warioware usually were about.\n\nAt work: games involving people's occupations, both blue and white collar. This could range anywhere between a plumber unclogging a toilet to paper basketball in office job.\n\nSci-fi: the same as fantasy, but with technology instead of magic, and usually involving outer space.\n\nAnything that can be fit into 4 or 8 seconds is acceptable, but longer games can be used for the ""boss"" games.\n\nNot to mention the arrange modes."
oggijh,A Game where Jimmy (GTA 5) Gets revenge.,"At the end of game in GTA 5 you get a option To kill Michael, Trevor, Or Deathwish. I picked the best option Deathwish. So in this universe Franklin for some reason kills Michael. Then the story’s about Jimmy actually starting to get a good life. Then his dad is murdered. So he trains and does other things to kill Franklin and he has to fight Franklin’s Gang. Which I think Ballas"
ogfnz2,"You knows whats missing from battle royales, spectator influence.","The Hunger Games movies and books suck, personal opinion, but the spectator or sponsors aspect they have is something the gamemode could really use and quite frankly needs. Especially since so many games encourage and sometimes force playing in pairs or a group, and we all know theyre more fun with friends. Teammates could give temporary intel or buffs, the entire dead player base could vote on map influences or give random attributes to the players like low gravity or big heads.  \n\n\nI feel like this would make the gamemode in general more exciting for everyone, so you dont have to be good to play long, and are otherwise just waiting between finding matches."
ogen12,Does anyone think that a battle royale mode with a closing zombie horde could computably ever even work?,"The idea of a giant apocalyptic horde closing in from all around sounds spectacular and fun, get to close to the edge and it can warp the circle or move it faster. Dead players would become player controlled feral zombies with different stages of composition.  \n\n\nBut, I feel like computers nowadays right now probably wouldnt be able to handle so many mass entities on screen, bcse its got to be large enough that players can just use explosives and fight their way out. Thoughts?"
ogcch3,"You play through someone's life, non linearly","**Central Idea*****:*** The time in the player character's life is navigable. Instead of playing through the adventure or story in a linearly order, the player could select any chapter in their life to jump to and play through. Maybe the player starts with the beginning, infancy, or instead right before they die. This is more of a thought experiment than just a ""for fun"" game, but hopefully it would be enjoyable to play and get the player to think a little.  \n**Gameplay:** Although the idea is non-linear time, that doesn't actually speak for gameplay. That's because you can probably do this within many genres. When you go to a chapter in time, you always start in the same place, and I'm assuming a fairly linear level. That's because in my opinion, an open world game would probably be too complex for both the developer and player. \n\nA ***story game***, in the form of a visual novel or puzzle game would be feasible and could make a lot of sense. You could require knowledge or abilities from the future to make events in the past much easier, or possible at all. Certain encounters wouldn't make much sense until you go back in time and get an ""ah ha"" moment. Past puzzles could or would set up future puzzles, maybe even change them based on the players actions.  \nOr instead a ***metroidvania***. You would unlock abilities at different chapters of time that would, in typical metroidvania fashion, make other areas easier to access. Although there could be hard locks to certain level, soft locks might make more sense. A new player would need X ability to get past a stage, but an experienced player could do without. A twist on the typical metroidvania idea, instead of navigating a place, you are navigating time.   \n\n\n**Last thoughts:** The story could have an event (almost randomly placed in their life) that would act as the final boss which explains the time travel ability, but I don't know if that would fit. Also there would be trippy questions like if there is any free will because each chapter is always the same, and how can you do an event from the past to get to the future if you needed the future to do it. Maybe some one has beat me to this idea, and if so id love to see it. Let me know if you have any ideas or questions!"
ogc57p,Pizza delivery without a car but with a skateboard and a harpoon gun,"In the near future gas and cars are very expensive and you are only a pizza delivery guy. The good news if you have a skateboard and a electromagnetic harpoon gun.\n\nYou need to deliver pizzas around the town and you get larger tips for how fast you can get to the house. There are cars driving around the town(in game driven by people but in reality AI driven) so you hop on your skate board and shoot a passing car. If you hit the car you are pulled by a rope to follow the car. If the car makes a turn you can reel in the rope to cut down on the whip effect but if you are too close and the car stops you may slam into the back of it(and die), if you are too far back you may hit a wall.\n\nYou can disengage the harpoon gun and shoot another car(if you want to go straight and the car is making a turn or to stop to make the delivery). There are no set paths to go, just get from the pizza shop to the delivery address but cars are driving on their own paths so if you hang onto the wrong car you can go in the wrong direction.\n\nAs you earn tip money you can buy upgraded skateboards, better harpoon guns etc. \n\nWhat do you think? Would this game be fun? How complex would the AI programming be and would it be feasible to have all these cars driving on AI routines to make the city look lived in on modern hardware?"
ogbjm4,Kill rivals or recruit them to your party.,"The game's combat is a simplistic souls-like, you attack to do damage, guard to neutralize damage, dodge to throw of the tracking of your enemy's attacks, and parry to set them up for a critical hit. By collecting things either hidden in each level or dropped from slain enemies, you can upgrade your character's primary capabilities.\n\nAt certain intervals in the game, you'll come across bosses that are humanoid, or rivals, that once defeated will prompt you two choices: kill them and take their primary ability as a special ability, or spare them and recruit them to your party that can be switched out in each level.\n\nYou'd need their primary ability to transcend certain obstacles and reach optional collectables in previous levels, but each character has a distinctive fighting style very different from the MC's such as having ranged attacks, attacks that deal multiple hits per use, attacks that are the most effective and efficient against certain types of enemies, or attacks ideal for crowd control."
og9k3i,"Subnautica, but underground.","I've had this bizarre dream, and I wanted to share it because it actually felt like a decent idea.\n\nThe game would begin with a tutorial where you play as a miner. Basically, a mining expedition stumbled into a massive cavern, and you are the only person who escaped, warning that you've found hell, and that you've seen the devil himself.\n\nAs it turns out, they've stumbled into an enormous cave system that's been isolated for hundreds of millions of years, and is now inhabited by monstrous descendants of Cambrian fauna. The true protagonist is a scientist who was sent with a team of other explorers for a rescue mission to try and locate the missing people, but he gets isolated for some reason.\n\nHe would have to survive in a massive cavern, with plenty of critters running around.\n\nYou  only have a pick, a flashlight and some rope. You could use the rope to climb, the flashlight to see, and the pick to climb/fight.\n\nThere were trilopites, isopods, crabs and glowing bats running around as harmless creatures. \n\nThen there were these giant lobster-like creatures that didn't have claws, but instead had fingered arms. They'd try to grab your arm with their hands, and bite you. You could break their arms with the pickaxe though.\n\nAlso remember there being a giant crab that looked like a boulder, and its shell was too thick for you to hurt with a pick, so you had to push it off a cliff. \n\nAnd if I recall correctly, there was some spider-like creature that clung on the ceiling, and would fall onto you.\n\nAnother creature looked like a giant snail with glowing antennae. You could pick it up and use it like a flashlight, or you could throw it at the lobsters which would eat it instead of you.\n\nI also vaguely remember a run-down elevator you could fix for fast travel.\n\nAnd lastly, the cave had multiple different biomes, like an underground cliffside, and underground sea with glowing coral, mushroom forests, crystal valleys, and claustrophobic insect infested corridors."
og8ul1,Survival Open world Monster game like spore but Better,"Okay, what if there was a game like the spore creature part but you make more realistic monsters to roam and survive a large open world map. Could maybe be both an MMO or single player. On the MMO you can find other monsters (other players) and team up or fight them. You could make monster's more adapted to specific biomes such as deep sea would use bioluminescence to capture prey but also have a disadvantage not being able to see well. Or monster's that can fly and perch on mountains but are slower when walking or running. The longer you survive the more likely you are to evolve and become more powerful. There is probably better mechanics than what I could think of but I still think it is cool."
og8guz,Augmented reality board games with online multiplayer.,"AR board games that can be played anywhere with anyone at anytime. Availiable for mobile devices and possible plans for independent standalone AR glasses. Currently developing a prototype game with plans for multiple game boards implemented in future. The first game is similar to ""Risk"" in a more post apocalyptic future. Instead of physical tokens, gameboard and  dice, 3D models are used in thier place. 3d dice roll mechanics with battle scenes of firefights and explosions. Selectable menus that float in the physical world.  Reach out with your hand and select the different territories to interact with, whether its for information, deploying troops or attacking. Play with up to 6 friends worldwide.....All input is welcome, Thank you."
og6jxc,Marble Racing Game,"Last year I was astonished about those Pandemic Marble Olympics from Jelle's Marble Runs' channel on YouTube, principally the marble racing laps. And I was wondering about a First-person-3D-multiplayer-racing-game with marbles instead cars, where players can customize it. I think this game in comic ways, like Fall Guys. Cheerful, colorful and funny. But I have to admit it's kinda boring to just watch your marble losing a race again and again. I like the concept more than the game LOL. What you guys think?"
og2zmh,"Here is an idea for an infinite dream game, IMHO.","Ever since I saw AI dungeon, an idea began to form on my mind and is now a lot more mature, it just lacked the environment, until I saw Valheim.\n\nLets take a game like Valheim, it uses procedural generation to make great environments with a flora system that can also produce occasional mineral rocks, land marks and the odd structures.\n\ndevelop that to make occasional villages and roads to connect those places, populate the place with more sentient actors, like other characters.\n\nThis is just the beginning, lets add some need and goal-based quest system.\n\nI mean the whole logic part of the game can be placed upon the goal system.\n\nWhen you or any other actor gets hungry, then the goal to eat food pops into your/their goal list, as opposed to quest list.\n\nIf you/them have any food-like item then you/they can eat and fulfill the goal. If not, then another goal is generated: Acquire food.\n\n=== === === === === === === === === === ===\n\nWhat now? Well, if it is the player's goal, then it is shown in a list of goals, needed to be fulfilled, sorted by importance level and the availability of the prerequisites.\n\nIf it is an actor's goal, then if the actor is marked as important, i.e. involved in your previous adventures, then the goal can be translated to a sentence like: ""***The farmer is hungry***"", and be fed to a system like AI dungeon, pun intended.\n\nIf the actor is not important then a routine previous output for the goal is taken and interpreted for the actor to perform.\n\nThe AI would interpret the input with previous entries and come out with a result.\n\nThen this result is interpreted by the game engine, and it would weed out the too bizarre, unmanageable and bonked outputs and select the ones that it can manage to interpret and convert into the games actual environment.\n\nIt can add new goals to track, spawn new required actors for the roles or select the suitable available ones,  spawn or select needed items, and place them in the places defined by the AI output doing what was specified there with the generated or picked items.\n\nNew goals and events are fed into the AI as they are generated, outside of the AI system, by other systems, or player actions.\n\nSomething like: ""***The player picks the picket of the guard.***""\n\nThat particular guard can be previously generated by the landscape generation system on the entrance of a castle, or be generated by the AI system on an output like: ""***A guard appears and blocks the way of our group of adventurers.***""\n\nThere can be a grouping system that adds a collection of actors or items and gives them a containing name.\n\nFor instance the instant that an NPC accepts your offer to join you in your adventure, a group is generated and named, and you join that named group.\n\nWell, back to pick pocketing action, the items in the pocket can be generated, when the guard is generated, but if the AI results in: ""***And finds a rare item.***"", we can wait for more output from the AI to define the item and generate that particular item to place in the list, or choose from a list of predefined rare items, suitable to be in the pocket of a guard.\n\nOr maybe the output would be like: ""***The guard notices the player's action and steps back and draws a laser cannon from his pocket and attacks the player***"", which the interpretation system then replace the laser cannon with the weapon pre-generated when the guard was generated, or pick from a list of more suitable weapons for the environment and the guard status.\n\nThe system can understand the step back and attack actions and perform them correctly.\n\n=== === === === === === === === === === ===\n\nWhen you begin a conversation with an NPC, the goal system can step in and generate some predefined text for your choice, sorted by the importance of their particular goal.\n\nSo there can be conversation entries available to choose from, like this:\n\nDo you know where can I find a job, I need the money.\n\nThis goal can be the result of your being hungry, and lacking food, so you searched for it and found some, but the owner was a merchant and asked you for money in exchange, so the goal to make some money was generated, which resulted in that particular conversation entry.\n\nThere can be other entries like:\n\nWhere can I find Sir Drakulz?\n\nIf you select this entry, it is converted to: ***""Where can I find Sir Drakulz?"", the player ask the clerk.***\n\nThen it is fed to AI system and the output can be something like: ""***He is probably in the castle.***""\n\nYou know the castle was generated by the environment system, and was fed into the AI system as soon as you were in it's sphere of influence, just as any other place, landmark, actor,  and item.\n\nSomething like: ""***There is a castle nearby.***""\n\nSome less important entities, like a chair nearby is only fed when you touch or use it, and something like a ***sword*** on the table, can replace the ***blaster*** when interpreted by the system.\n\nSome feeds are global and define the global environment and theme, and can be chosen as you initiate your game, others are fed as needed.\n\n=== === === === === === === === === === ===\n\nThere is no difference between the player and any other actor, so when a goal is added to you, you can follow them by their importance level, and when a goal is added to another actor, they would follow them by their importance level.\n\nThe goals can add conversation entries to any actor, and they will use them, and the AI system would interpret them a come up with results for the talking party.\n\nThe goal system rules the game, so when some events happen or when you hear an answer to your spoken words, maybe a goal can be offered to you to add to the current list.\n\nSo when someone answers: ""***Maybe Sir Drakulz knows about the lost piece.***"", the goal to find him is offered to you, by the UI, like: ""***Do you want to find Sir Drakulz?***"", and if you accept, the goal is added to your list.\n\nIMHO, this combination of AI Dungeon, Valheim, and a need and goal based internal logic and conversation system can make the ultimate infinite life ruining game of them all.\n\nThese are just ideas for any interested party, as I don't have the time and means to make such a game, and I don't claim any rights on the ideas.\n\nJust want to inspire some party to make such a game.\n\nBy the way, I have thought a lot about these ideas and have some nice solutions on how to implement them, and can offer them if anyone is interested.\n\nLike how to keep track of the entities that we feed into the AI system, and if it would be better to use Sims style conversation grunts, and the like."
og2rke,"How would you create a fighting game like Street Fighter, but for more than 2 players at once?","You could obviously zoom out and just let them battle but I dont think that it would look that great, and also with 3 players it would feel a bit unfair.\n\nAny ideas?"
og2ier,I want to resurrect a Amiga era forgotten game on Android. I have coded a working prototype with libGDX.,"The game is suitable for micro transacitons.\n\nIt is a puzzle game with levels so it is okay to use ads between levels. The game is 2D (duh...).\n\nAlso it is addictive as fu\*k, I used to forget to eat when I was playing.\n\nIt can be coded by one person but I lack the time and mad skillz to make a game with appeal. \n\nI am 36 and have PhD on Mech. Eng.\n\nI need a team, one man army or cash to make this game.\n\n I am based in turkey a programmer works for 1000 euros tops so when I say cash its a measly amount for europeans.\n\nSerious entrepreneurs please contact me for details, thanx."
og25x7,VR Record App,"It would be so cool to have a native music player app that allows you to view visualizers in VR, maybe even have a mode where you can make physical objects out of albums in the game world (e.g simulating a vinyl record and being able to create a VR vinyl shelf"
ofzr5e,A RPG with choosable turns,"I have no idea how to simplify the title properly.\n\nYou know how rpgs are either the strongest/fastest go first or the party goes first then the enemy? Well, here's an that puts that on its head.\n\nIt works like this: when you enter a battle. You have to not only select the attack you want to use but when to use it. Lets give an example(i would attach an image but idk how to)\n\nThe party of 4 enter a battle with 1 enemy. After choosing an attack, a box appears showing 5 boxes. The box in the center has a skull, representing the enemy, while others are empty. Select a box and circle will appear in it. The colour of the circle will represent who is going.\n\nThe idea is to strategize the way to fight. If you want the enemy to die fast, put the 2 strongest up first. There is more to this idea, like status effects that mess with the boxes or bosses and multiple enemies using more than one box but i just want to type this down."
ofxdij,DarkHearts,"The year is 20XX and humanity is on the brink, being under siege by Darklings, once innocent humans and creatures, corrupted and mangled by a living parasite called Dojinshii, nothing can harm these creatures aside from an ancient alloy which has given birth to ancient weapons forged many eons ago, however humans have recently discovered how to forge this alloy themselves, though it's not enough. A mad scientist comes up with a solution, a being spliced from different DNA, and infused with this virus to be a darkling himself, able to harm these creatures without such weapons... You are this warrior, born to end the destruction and despair the Darklings have wrought.\n\nThe game itself: imagine a side scrolling slasher/bullet hell, where you gain upgrades and unlock new abilities which you can use to combo enemies, including bosses. But you yourself can also be comboed, enemies and bosses can do combos on you and normal enemies can work together to make your life hell, where a single hit can turn half health, into death(depending on difficulty). So let me go over the finer points.\n\nPlayer main abilities: The player has access to a small amount of basic punches but, most of your things will actually come from proper energy and sword use as your punches and kicks come from the same button your sword is, lemme go over them quickly, both your energy and sword have a bar, the more you use your sword the more it depletes, once empty you can't use your sword at all as you can't summon it at all as it appears and dissapears from your hands rather than staying there permanently, instead you punch, but it regenerates when the sword isn't used, energy is slightly different, same as the sword, all energy moved deplete the bar, however unlike the swords passive restoration, the energy required a moment of respite to Regen. Since it's a bullet hell with many things on the screen at once at times, a dodge is essential, and the dodge can be upgraded and changed, but the basic is, you hold a direction and hit the button, and you dash that direction, in the beginning before upgraded, you dash then can't move in the air, you just have your dash momentum and gravity, once you hit the ground you have a split second of recovery, this can be removed through upgrades, which is gonna be heaven becuase of the bosses, of course if you ground dash, where you never leave the ground, then there is no recovery at all, aside from a moment where you can't dash again, however this moment isnt terribly long, about .80 seconds, or so, I haven't gotten the exact numbers, but it isn't terribly long.\n\nCombo System: Not fully fleshed out but the majority is here, depending on your difficulty, combos are gonna be longer or shorter, we'll take Hard as the example here though, with differences being told at the end.... So bosses have something called Hitstun Decay, where the longer the combo goes on the less your hits actually stun them allowing follow ups, however some bosses the combo system works differently, on big bodies, you can't move them with your attacks, meaning some combos won't work at all, but they still get stunned from hits, just not as much as smaller bodies, meaning you'll not be comboing these bosses as long or often, smaller human sized bosses can be moved from your attacks, meaning you can take advantage of certain moves to get a full longer more damaging combos, however special super powered human sized bosses have a move that gets them out of combos instantly, usually damaging the player if they are too close, punishing the player if they get too greedy. The player can also be comboed, however the player also has this Hitstun Decay, though reduced on hard, meaning you'll be comboed longer, on Nightmare(unlockable after beating the game on hard) there is no hitstun decay for you.\n  Combo Structure: the combo system is mostly free form, with few absolutes, but there are a few rules that the player must adhere to, let's go over what can cancel into what, but first...\n\nMoves: There are four main types of moves, when talking about combos, you have your basic moves, which would be just pressing attack, these can then be canceled on hit into special moves or dash, special moves are slower and longer recovery moves that require more input, for example spinning slash, a move where if the player is in the air will spin like a ball and have their sword out, much like zeros spinny slash, would require something like 216 attack, or something, these special moves can be canceled into dash as long as they hit, into other special moves, or into super moves, these are usually super slow but super damaging moves that have a lot of recovery, usually your combo ender, however later upgrades allow you to cancel your super so it never comes out but still takes the bar cost, allowing longer combos. Now onto the rules, you only get to use a special twice per combo, and dash cancels take energy, and a hit super almost never allows follow up, I say this because of a theory combo that may be cool, where you use one of the sword moves, where you throw your sword and it spins in place for a moment damaging whatever close to or on top of it, and then you super and becuase of the sword you can keep it going due to the hit stun, idk though. Each move affects the hitstun decay differently, basic attacks affect it the least, removing the least amount of stun frames on hit, specials are the next in line, removing more stun frames on hit than basic attacks, dash attacks are next, then finally supers, removing the most hits, multi hit moves while always removing more stun frames than single hit moves, don't count every hit, meaning for example a single hit from say a single hit special could for example remove 1 frame of hitstun, the 3 hit special would only remove 2 frames. Those aren't the absolute numbers just an example, some multi hit moves would count all hits, such as a three hit combo from the sword coming from a single sword special input would count all three hits, but a flurry slash comprising of say 5 hits wouldn't count each hit. Speaking of, energy attacks both have less hitstun and remove less stun frame, while sword attacks have more hitstun and remove more.stun frames. You are allowed 1 hard launch after any moves that hard launch instead soft launch, what's the difference? Well a hard launch sends the enemy up into the air a short distance and they don't recover until they hit the ground, while a soft launch they can recover before they land.  1 hard bounce, after all bounces become a soft bounce, a Hard Bounce is the same as hard launch only they bounce a very short distance off the ground and don't recover until they hit the ground again, while a soft bounce they can recover at any time during the bounce. One final thing to note, while not a set in stone rule, more of a possible rule, is damage decay, the longer the combo goes on and following the same rules as hitstun, each move would do less and less damage, but this rule is a possible rule I haven't decided if it would actually be in the game.\n\n\nLevel design: Taking heavy inspiration from games like MegaMan, the level design would follow suit, being a 2D side scroller with platforming and stage dangers on some, while they can be taken slow, they should be designed so an expirenced player can just smoothly and effectively speed run right through, as an ideal play of a stage would be fast planned but often dashes through picking and choosing what enemy you'll take down, but a player could also player would have the option of taking down every enemy and methodically making their way through, with little softlocks based on speed, but rewards the player on making it through certain things quickly, such as making more progress or gaining access to a spot otherwise closed off, such as an upgrade or shortcut and such. \n\nSpecial Moves: Now you may be thinking, ""Calan, the special moves are quarter circles... So.... Are there a limited number of them? Or can you pick and choose?"" The answer is you can pick and choose, let me go over inputs, which I'm not opposed to changing,  S=sword, E= energy, X= input exists for both\n214X, 236X, 412X, 632X, 236S+E(this is your super) \nMeaning all in all you have up to 4 special moves each, im open to changes to this tbh and there are more special moves than 8, meaning you can pick and choose your playstyle and combos. With certain once complimenting eachother more than others. But in the end free form and open ended.\nSo what do you have to pick from? Not all are in my head, but I'll go over a few that I have fleshed out let's start with sword\n1: a three hit combo, with the last one being slow but heavy hitting, with the last hit causing a Hard Bounce, can only be done on the ground.\n2:A ground slam, where the sword is slammed point down into the ground, if done in the air you shoot down, on impact with the ground it creates a shockwave around the impact, which if on the ground does a Hard Launch, while the aerial version causes a soft bounce.\n3: A forward lunge, doing up to 3 hits as it goes forward, in the air this move can be directed but not in a 360°, more of a 100° with the center being straight down.\n4: A rising slash doing up to 4 hits, on whiff or if not canceled you don't recover until you hit the ground.\n5: A single slash sending a projectile going across the ground.\n6: An aerial spinning slash doing a max of 6 hits, if all 6 hits connect it does a Hard Bounce, but only on the first time, every other time it doesn't bounce at all, however if you hold down after the input you spin the other way, useful for if you are falling down you can keep the enemy from going down faster than you. \n7: A sword throw, which has many versions, you are only allowed one of these\n Basic: You throw your sword and it dissapears shortly after thrown.\n Spinning Boomerang: it is thrown spinning, making it's way forward then coming back, your momentum is stopped as you stand there when it's thrown, if done in the air you float there while it does it's thing, it also pulls enemies toward it, meaning while it's coming back it pulls them towards you. \n Hibernating Spin: the blade is thrown spinning, travels a short distance then stays there floating in that spot for a short time, then dissapears.\n Teleportation Blade: You throw the blade straight and teleport to it on hit.\n\nEnergy Specials:\n1: A basic beam, hitting a max of 5 times, in the air it can be angled downwards, but only at a fixed angle.\n2: You slam your hand into the ground and it causes a pillar of energy to rise up instantly from the ground in front of you, on hit it causes a Hard Launch.\n3: a slow moving ball of energy that tracks to the nearest enemy.\n4: you cause an explosion of energy around you, hitting every where close to you.\n5: a barrier that lives for a very short time, but when you are hit, it drains energy bar rather than health, has big startup cost, and massive damage hits break it, stunning you for a short time and depleting your entire energy bar.\n6: a quick but short dash backwards, it has no invinc\n\nNow onto basic moves, as for the sword if you keep mashing the sword button you'll do a little combo that can be changed and upgraded depending on how you want it to act, but basic no upgrades or changes you do a three hit combo, left horizontal sword slash, right horizontal sword slash, into a bit of a slower over head slash. Now each of the three hits can be changed and you can even add more hits, for example that second slash could instead be changed to a forward stab, or a shorter range angled shoulder to knee kind of slash, the last hit can be a upward slash, or a forward lunge, etc etc... The energy is a bit different, hitting your energy button fires a energy ball which travels along decently fast, you can spam it to throw up to three quickly without upgrades, this is mostly your ranged attack, and combo fodder.\n\nSo how exactly do you get these upgrades and stuff, well easy, Darkness. With every Darkling you kill you gain a currency called Darkness, which you can spend to upgrade things like your dash, to dash farther or shorter distance, dash more in a row, change and upgrade your sword skills, increase your max energy, max health, max sword bar etc. Upgrade and receive new specials, gain new supers etc. But you can only do these things at base, where there's even a test dummy that can move and such so you can practice combos, it even shows how much damage each move does when you hit it.\n\nEnemy Moves: certain enemy Moves will have an alert before they happen, for example if a boss decides to do a forward dashing lunge, a ! will appear in front of them, with 2 lines above and below it showing their trajectory, it'll also beep 3 times with them attacking on the fourth beat, if they do multiple lunges from this single lunge, the rest will also do the alert, but only beep twice, with them attacking on the third beat, if they do it fast enough it may not alert you at all, for example, a full screen beam coming from one end and going to the other, which appears filling the space between both points instantly, then extremely quickly after another appears just a tiny distance above it, and it keeps going very quickly sweeping across from the bottom of the screen to the top very quickly, only the first attack will have any kind of alert.\n\nI have more info but this post is rather long and it took me quite some time to write it. I thank you for reading this whole thing, it's more of an idea, I'm absolutely open to suggestions and special designs and such things if you have any questions please feel free to ask, I'm sure I forgot things or didn't say things clearly."
ofx2ed,Two part dinosaur game!,"This has been a dream game of mine to make for a while, but I have no programming skills, so I share it here for any and everyone!\n\nAnyway, so the first part is a park builder, you set up facilities for guests and staff, habitats for dinosaurs, change the terrain, ect, normal stuff right?\n\nWell, part two, either when your ready or after X time passes, disaster strikes, everything goes wrong, and the game goes into first person mode, and now you are an employee/guest of the park, and you must escape either to the docks or a helicopter pad, while evading dinosaurs that have escaped their enclosures and are hunting you, or just so happen to be in your way. Of course you can pick up tools, items, and weapons along the way, but you'll have a hard time killing the bigger dinos even with the best weapons, cause ya know, it's not a dino hunting game, it's a dino escape game(killing a big dino can be a difficult achievement sort of thing). \n\nAnd, maybe the ability to build a park and post it to challenge others to complete it? Maybe groups can escape together? Maybe extra challenges, like collecting dinosaur DNA samples from a lab before you escape?  Lots of options with this, I think this would be a kickass game!"
ofvcqd,Aftermath of the zombie apocalypse,"The game would take place a year after the zombie apocalypse and life is going back to normal. The countries of the world all decided to find and punish Parasol Inc, who are responsible for causing the outbreak.\nYou would play as Richard Themis, who was a former War Crime prosecutor before the outbreak. You would have to investigate different areas of the world to collect evidence and witnesses to build your case against Parasol Inc. Then you would have to prove their guilt during the trial. \nThere would be a dialogue tree for when you are questioning witnesses which impact your relationship with them depending on your choices.\nThe player would also get to choose which evidence and which witnesses they would bring to trial.\n\n(This is my first time posting, so please tell me if I did anything wrong)"
oftria,Dr Robitnic Prequel Idea,"Would love a prequel with him as a young boy. At first you don’t know it’s egg man and the whole time you are thinking, “wait, how is this a sonic game?” No cartoonish animorph villain (kind of) and no main animorph characters. His name is Robert  (Bobby) Sputnik in this prequel (Robotnic). He gets lost in the woods one day and is very spooked by some animals. He heads into a cave for shelter and enters a hidden lab and finds Dr. Mammalian (Who is a blue great ape). In the background you see some hedgehog shaped things in a tank (silhouette of them anyways). At first he seems harmless and asks you to fetch him a few things in return you can stay there and eat. He eventually gifts you with a mech of sorts with a suction. He asks to to capture some small creatures for his project as he wants to help save them by, “making them just a bit smarter”. Then you have to defeated rare and dangerous animals, at one point you even have to defeat a dragon like creature, but only have time to take one of his horns as it fell off during the battle. Towards the end of the game you realize that he was turning the animals into chaos emeralds, however as a by product of this some of the energy in creating these emeralds leaked into one of the animal pens and transformed them into the animorphs we know and recognize. Eventually you have to defeat Dr. Mammalian, but after because you helped him to begin with the animorphs lock you away. This can be tweaked but I feel is a solid idea."
ofslv5,JFK RELOADED BUT ABRAHAM LINCOLN,
ofsk2p,Roguelike where you are a soul collector,"In this roguelike, you visit the depths of hell to collect demons' souls. \n\nEach floor is a circular arena with a soul collector in the center. You must explore the arena, kill the enemies, collect their soul and take it back to the central collector.\n\nYou must reach a minimum of souls before leaving the floor. There'll be ""vending machines"" at some points of the arena, where you can exchange demon's organs for weapons, health, abilities, etc.\n\nBut it's not enough to just kill demons. After a demon dies, its soul will try to escape from you until it vanishes. You must use your hook to grab and collect them.\n\nEach floor has unique and more challenging enemies, so you measuring your resources crucial."
ofrwth,JFK Reloaded Remake?,Why doesn't someone make a Remake of JFK reloaded
ofqoz9,Boomshakalaka! - a bombastic 2-on-2 basketball game in which the players start short and get taller with every meteoric dunk.,
ofqo4w,Boomshakala! - a bombastic 2-on-2 basketball game in which the players start short and get taller with every meteoric dunk.,
ofqasv,"A realistic RPG with decisions that affect gameplay: also if you piss enough people off, they force you to quit the game and lock you out of it.",
ofq41l,"Top Down Co-op Sci Fi Survival Game, Colony Builder, Interplanetary Travel Encounters","Over the past year I have been working on a game that I'd like to share with everyone to get some feedback. Here is the gist of the game:\n\n* You and your friends start on a planet where you mine/harvest local resources in order start a colony. The towns on the planet will have willing workers that you can recruit to join your party to speed up resource collection and will eventually stay in your colony as you construct buildings that require workers to operate, such as farms and factories.\n* Soon you will be able to build a starship that will be your primary form of travel to other planets. Just like your colony on the planet, you'll be able to customize your starship to fit your needs. With a starship now available, you'll be able to travel to other planets with unique and rare resources to further expand your colony.\n* During your travel to these planets, you and the companions you choose to bring with you will encounter other ships, pirates, blackholes, etc. As every planet has new resources, different challenges, and different races and species, so too will the expansiveness of space.\n* As you progress you will be able to start building your own droids for your colony and starship, as well as building a small force that you can use to rid planets of hostile foes so that you can colonize the planet for yourself and expand your kingdom.\n\nI'm open to any thoughts and/or feedback!"
ofogpn,A Matrix style game,[removed]
ofkx5l,2D Ping-Pong game with telekinesis,"Visually, as a comparison, would be like Tug the Table, and the idea would be to use telekinesis to throw the Ping-Pong ball to the other side, it would just need to hit the wall, the ceiling or the floor, since most of the time it would be floating thanks to the telekinesis.\n\nThe way the telekinesis I think would work is like Ki energy in Dragon Ball games, the more energy you have, the stronger your telekinesis is, but the more time you're wasting to move the Ping-Pong ball.\n\nI can see at first a game mode where you can play 1v1 against the computer, or another player, the rest is up for debate.\n\nAlso, I put Intermediate because it's between Intermediate and Experienced in my opinion."
ofjq14,Criminal mastermind management game,"I don't know if this kind of game exist, but this is a cool idea, and it doesn't need amazing graphims, it's a management game, not the next AAA.\n\nYou play a criminal mastermind (very similar to Bain in the Payday serie).   \nYou have to build a network of criminals, indic, mole, shop.  \nI don't know if it's better to manage one gang and make them to the top or to help a lot of different criminals (up to you).  \n\n\nThe game is composed of two main phase:  \n\-The plan : you get infos, insiders, plans of the area, everything that can help you to think about a way to complete the heist.  \n\-The execution: you help the gang during the heist: give them info on the patrol units, hack computer and door/device. You also synchronise the crew with the extraction unit or the insiders in order to optimize the heist.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWhile doing all of this, you have to keep a eye on your identity to keep it unknown by everyone, but also known in the criminal band to get more jobs.  \n\n\nYour goal is to make more and more money, since each heist cost money to prepare: you have to pay all the operation members, buy some gun or devices, pay corrupted cops to keep it low...\n\nThis is the core gameplay, but this can be dig in: for exemple, you have to search more info on your insiders and gang members to prevent any problem (link with the police or dangerous rivality).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI'm sorry for bad english, not my native language, blabla, you know it already."
ofh89n,A planet of the apes game,"Basically just mirror's edge, but you're a chimp travelling through a post-apocalyptic city. Not much else to add. Maybe you could have multiplayer so that multiple players can be monkeying around :)"
ofh7s0,Become a surgeon and start building your dream girl by collecting the best parts of all women you can find.,"I saw this idea on a youtube comment, what do you think?"
ofckic,FPS Survival Farm!,"This literally just popped into my head, no additional thought has gone into it, don't ask for more specifics because I ain't got em'!  It's a survival game where the player is left in a deserted area, maybe a foreign planet, maybe earth after an apocalypse, doesn't matter. The goal is to set up and defend a farm from any number of threats. The thing is, all you have is a handful of mixed ammunition and some vegetable seeds to start, but if you plant the bullets you'll literally grow a gun that fires them. You can harvest more ""Seeds"" from the plants as well to keep your clips full, and depending on the level of care/skill at growing things the player has, the better weapons they grow. The same applies to food grown, the better your farming skills, the better crops you grow."
ofch20,A hack and slash game where the enemies are based off of folklore or mythological creatures from different counties,"Im surprised no one has done this yet. There are a decent amount of countries with their own unique monsters or creatures. Like Japanese,Polynesian, African etc.\n\nMy idea for the game is a God of War(specifically the originals)/spiderman ps4 style game. You play as a rookie Hunter who is looking for a job or jobs that can help get him to the top. \n\nIn the game you will have two types of weapons a melee and ranged weapon. Melee is the weapon you will be using most and each melee weapon will have its own special power and unique moves. You will also be able to upgrade your melee weapon and gain new moves or special attacks. Ranged weapons are used to get in extra damage and extend combos. Each ranged weapon will have ammo  that will slowly replenish when you run out or when your not using it. Every weapon has its own special attacks that uses energy. You can get more energy for each enemy you kill. The less damage a special attack does the less energy it takes and the more damage it does the more energy it takes.\n\nMost enemies will have their own weaknesses which you can exploit to take them down quicker. For example an enemy may be weak to a specific weapon you have or take more damage from behind.\n\nThat is all i have for this idea feel free to tell me your thoughts in the comments below."
ofc218,Are business simulation games dead?,Just wondering why there are not many business simulation games. Or are there?
ofbztb,I need help on deciding what to do for my game,"So I don’t know if this belongs here, and I don’t know if this’ll break any rules but basically, without spoiling too much, my friends and I (mostly me) have been making this F.E.A.R. inspired game for years. Technically it started development before I played F.E.A.R. but right now I have the story finalized and the environments planned. The problem is is I’m not sure what to do gameplay wise. I’m using the FPS Creator engine (grew up using it and basically know it’s ins and outs, plus I started developing this idea on it back when I was in middle school) and after constant revisions and remakes, I have two ideas. \n\nThe first idea is a more old school corridor shooter with fairly basic AI; this will work best for my friends who are not avid PC gamers or gamers in general. The second idea is more of a mix of F.E.A.R. 2 and Call of Duty, with fast paced battles but slow atmospheric buildup, and more intelligent AI. Here’s the problem I have though. This idea I have, is to make an anthology horror franchise, with this first (or second if you want to count my demo as the first part) game being an homage to F.E.A.R., if by nothing else concept alone. I’ve already made several ideas for other games in this universe, but I can’t decide between the more classic feel or the more modern feel. \n\nThe classic feel would work but I’m not sure it would be as much fun to a more hardcore audience. I’m not going to lie and say my atmospheric buildup is great and the voice acting is spectacular, both are, I’ll admit, not as good as they could be, although one can be excused because the voice actors are all graduated high school students. The casual shooter is finished, for the most part. A few bugs here and there that I’ll have to work out and I’ll have to place the voice acting in once I’ve finished mixing it. But it’s basically done. \n\nAs for the more modern game, this would be a lot of fun, especially with this AI designed for this type of gameplay. The problem is is I’d have to completely redo the entire game in order for this work. The AI is similar to that of F.E.A.R., and needs more of an open area to work properly. Old school corridor shooter wouldn’t work well. And here’s the other problem. FPS Creators memory issues. The program was created in 2005 for windows XP and it still has the XP mindset, meaning that a game using a lot of fancy shaders, graphics and scripting would take up a lot of space of the limited memory in the program. And I’m afraid if I do this idea, I’ll have to cut MASSIVE parts of the game for the sake of finishing it, in addition to completely remaking it. I’m afraid I bit off more than I can chew with the story (which isn’t anything super crazy but has a TON of working parts.) \n\nI’m not sure what to do. Make the weaker game with a better story or make a better game with a more compressed story? I’ve been working on this concept since 2010, I’ve poured my heart and soul into it. I’ve rewritten the story hundreds of times, remade the game dozens of times, and restarted so many times, I have all these different anthology stories and games mostly finished, all of which are revolving around this first title that’s supposed to be the Gateway hub of the entire universe. I mean I’ve made concepts for prequel adventures, sequels, spin offs, etc. all of which are incorporating all these ideas I have. But I want people to enjoy the first title, the gateway to this world. And I’m not sure what to do. Throw all my best mechanics out from the get go or start simple and have the game improve gradually as I finalize them. Please give me some advice because this is super exhausting to think about."
ofb5d0,New Stealth Game Idea,"What about a stealth game where your character has chronic diarrhea? You’d have to get to a bathroom every so often or risk getting caught. Sometimes if you don’t it make just be a fart so you can chance it, other times you will submerge the whole floor."
of6kl7,A mix between a card game an RPG and a shooting game(very weird combo I know),so basically id imagine it playing something like legends of Runteria or Yugioh with card effects spells and all that but whenever you're in combat like the duel phase in Yugioh it turns into a shooter/RPG with cards now having different effects and having there own special gun and abilities and so on you kill someone in duel phase their card gets discarded. that's as much as a got right now. (have no idea how you would pull it off thou)
of5vn4,Revamp some good Oldies,"So, hear me out on this. Maybe not a lot of you know these games, but Armored Core and Chrome Hounds were my two favorite games before I started playing on PS4. However now they aren't really...enjoyable. What if someone could modernize the graphics into 4k, add more story, rework the customization and make, in essence, a second Armored Core. Same thing goes for Chrome Hounds. I thought the customization and different parts you could get and the enemies you fought in Chrome Hounds, as a experimental military vehicle, was outstanding. \n\nPlease, someone get this to the nearest game designer and have them look at it. Besides titalfall, there weren't very many mech games that I seem to enjoy. Nothing like those."
of58w7,"A glitchy AAA game, where you glitch between the years 1910 and 2070","Hi guys, I'm extremely new to game design, but I've been thinking about this one idea for my university project (I cannot express this enough, it will be snippets, and maybe you can roam around a room MAXIMUM)\n\nWhat if, there was 1 constant game (story, NPC interaction, signage, map etc), but, one had the aesthetic of the 1910's, and the other in 2070. \n\nE.g.  \n1910, french lady with a coffee smoking a cigarette\n2070, new age zoomer with monster zero and a vape.\n\nSignage, where 1910 was a billboard, but 2070 was a hologram\n\nWeapons, same stats, different aesthetics, sounds, experiences\n\nAnd the story, characters were the exact same, but the skins glitches between the two\n\nFirstly, is this even possible to have something in a GTA vibe, but have it glitch in and out of art styles\n\nSecondly, I'm sure this isn't a new idea, if you can recommend any precedents that would be greatly appreciated\n\nThirdly, cool right?\n\nThank you"
of4ptv,Racing Game Idea,"So I've seen a lot of racing games, and none of them have what I want all in one, so I thought I would share my own idea. First off, we need a lot of cars. Like a lot. Next we need good customization for every or most cars, similar to nfs heat, but better. Next I want to include not only the option to race, but to just casually drive around too. We need lots of things to do, and we will need a big map. I'm talking 5 times as big as nfs heats map, and the option to download custom maps and races. Then we need a custom race track creator, and one that's really good too, and not like most custom map creation tools like Tony hawks pro skater games. Kinda like skyrim modding but in the racing game, where on PC there would be no big restrictions for assets, but on console only using assets the base game provides. And the most needed thing is a solid multi-player. We need many options for online play, racing, free driving, time trials, 1v1 races, battles kinda like Mario Kart (dunno how it would work yet) and the ability to play people's online maps with other people (kinda like team fortress 2 servers). This is just a rough idea, and I think it would all fit in to a game that's AAA. It would need lots of work to do properly too lol. Lemme know if this is a shit idea or a good one, cuz I have lots more to add. TL;DR: cool racing game with lots of customization and the ability to choose how you play easily."
of38lz,Daredevil game where you *as the player* are blind.,"This would be unlike any other game and it is stupidly easy to mess it up but it could be amazing if executed right. \n\nIn fairness the player would be able to see while free running and in cutscenes. Free running would be based off a much tamer world on fire perspective we saw on the show while cutscenes would just be standard cutscenes.\n\n\nCombat is where things would go black, not completely black as you will visual UI, indicators to help inform the player, and some very archaic visuals just to give players a small amount of context of where they are, add on some brightly colored intractable objects to give the game sleeping dogs.  Outside of visual indicators audio queoes will be the bulk of combat challenges, this may sound simple but you can add depth to it and make it an original type of fighting game. Of course the sounds will be heavily overdone which actually fits the daredevil lore. A knife for example will make a very specific sound once a guy is about to attack you, a visual indicator will show where the attack is coming from, and then you'll need to use the dodge mechanoc to avoid the attack, add on other mechanics like guns and enemies throwing objects and tough guys and there could be a lot of challenge coming from combat that is 90% audio. Visual,  Beating heartbeats will be shown to tell the player where enemies are in relation to them and a heartbeater counter as UI will tell them how many enemies there are to beat. The hearts will even start visible beating harder to show the player when they are about to go for an attack. Once the player finishes a fight we'll show them a replay of the entire fight but with actual visuals to let them see how much of a badass they really are, think superheat for this.\n\nI know this entire game does sound convoluted and like I said it's VERY easy to mess up. But it has a lot of potential and could be really rhythmic and exciting if done well."
oeyzad,Chao garden mobile game?,"I had a loose idea after watching a YouTube video, and all I got is a chao garden from the sonic series on your phone, cause chao are cute, and who doesn't love cute?\n\nI imagine it would be a combination of maybe gacha and puzzle levels to obtain items to give chao, or to get new chao in general. \n\nCould also be a Mario run style platformer where you can run one way and can take multiple paths to get all the items in a level. If it's actually sonic, and not a knock off or custom made series, I think this would work well enough. Not to mention, you could unlock multiple characters to run through levels.\n\nAgain, loose idea, and wanted to share it somewhere, and here seemed like the best place to do so. \n\nSidenote : I am not a programmer or developer of any kind, just have random ideas :)"
oeyrh2,This came to me in a dream- War Beavers,"[Game Sketch](https://imgur.com/gallery/c4AhxBQ)\nOkay so basically, this is a mining/crafting battlefield game. At least, that's my original idea, but I also like the idea of completely scratching the war aspect and making it more of a multiplayer customizable game where you can craft new things for your own little beaver hut and invite others to your home.\nThe graphics will be simple and 2d, with the bottom levels being water with floating hunks of elements like iron and coal to mine."
oexs34,Director of Funball - football management with pirates!,"Hey!\n\nI'm a Football Manager fan but I've always got a bit bored with all of the actual football and wanted to play a game that was more fun and focussed on the club building than the tactics of football.\n\nSo I decided to build it. \n\nIf I'm honest, had I known then what I know now I would never have started! But, I didn't know then what I know now and so I did start. 2 years (and quite a lot of money later) I've finished my first ever playable demo.\n\nI'm now desperate for people to play it and let me know whether it's any good. And funny. It is supposed to be funny but I've spent so long looking at it that it is now the least funny thing in my life!\n\nYou can download a completely free demo here\n\n[https://dofunball.itch.io/director-of-funball](https://dofunball.itch.io/director-of-funball)\n\nI'd love to hear any and all feedback.\n\nthanks"
oetw0v,Wonders Of Fantasy (Level 24),[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ov\_oeCINk1E](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ov_oeCINk1E)
oetpqz,Guys I am making a game please tell me how it is. Please. Will it be fun? Please tell me what do you guys think?,"This is a 2D top-down stealth game. This is not a platformer. It is level based. There will be different chapters and in each chapters, there will be a number of levels. We play as [Bubo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Xn0WVS3mZ4c5ljg-I7bxpWRqq-Ls9qnB/view?usp=sharing) a small slime like creature(maybe I'll change his appearance to something better). Our objective is to save [Gugy](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QWWhPnI479KluPpqDWSmRR-5r3PWtHrx/view?usp=sharing) (who is bubo's girlfriend) from other ""evil qunos"". Qunos is their species name. There will be ghost qunos, ninja qunos, bomb qunos.. etc as enemies. Each enemies will have special powers. For example, ninjas can throw ranged weapons etc..  Evil qunos will be travelling along a path, guarding a key to the next room(level). We should stealthly move throught the level and take the key and escape the to the next room. Our enemies can't look back. (Like in pacman) There are things in the level to distract them. And there will be teleporting points in the room to teleport to another point in the room. \n\nThese are my current ideas. Do you guys have any recommendations or ideas for any addition features? If any, then please inform me. Pls Pls Pls"
oesnjg,i want a stylized idea for a game??????,STYLIZED IDEA!!!
oergmv,A NEW CHAINSAWMAN GAME,"With the manga chainsaw man getting an anime announcement, I was thinking about what kind of game would fit mechanically with it. \n\nI keep imagining a DMC or NG style action adventure, but do anyone have any crazier ideas."
oer886,Do you guys have a stylized Game idea that it is simple and not like shooter or any thing like that,The i want is a stylized the stile is stylized and the idea is stylized
oeqyz4,A hypothetical game idea,"I've been pitching a game idea for months for a world building project made by C. M. Kosemen and Simon Roy called ""A World of Dinosauroids.""\nI was very fascinated by the amount of lore of this world building project that I can't help but think what if there would be a game based on it.\n\nMy hypothetical game would be a survival game that takes inspiration from Subnautica and Death Stranding.\n\nI can't list everything I have in my mind otherwise I would be writing a whole bible so I might want to make multiple parts based on the basic game mechanics for like maybe every 4 days or I'm gonna make weekly updates for my ideas.\n\n\nAnyways. What kind of game would you design based on this project? Let me know! I'm eager to hear your thoughts and ideas in the comments!\n\nHeres the link to the website:\n\n[A World of Dinosauroids](http://cmkosemen.com/dinosauroids.html)"
oeq1il,Football manager style wrestling management game,"I'm certain someone already posted this at some point. But does it exist? Something like hiring wrestlers, managers, doctors, refs, booking matches,  booking venues, custom wrestling promotion style, custom belts/championships/tournament/PPVs, long and short term storytelling, match/performance rating system, wrestlers compatibility. stealing talent, loaning talents, contract negotiations, tv ratings, PPV buy ratings, and stuff like that. Like a football manager but for wrestling."
oenft8,County life or sheriff simulator.,"I've had this idea for a while but haven't really obtained the skills to make a full out game. I personally grew up in a small town in northern Idaho. I understand some may think this is too big for an Independent dev, but I think some may want to attempt or take from my idea. I've always wanted to play a police simulator game based in a rural setting. I got the idea from playing my summer car a few years back. I thought how cool it would be to have a more in depth game that went over a sheriff's everyday life.\n\nThe game itself I don't think should be story driven but more decision driven possibly, but in depth enough with encounters that it keeps the player engaged.\n\nA few things I think would/should be involved to make it more in depth are: \nDon't make the player the actual sheriff, but make them the deputy or include multiple modes where you're the sheriff and are the shot caller, or you're the deputy and are on call;\n Possibly involve two different difficulties, one with a food, water, health, etc. and another without such for the players that just want a police simulator;\nMultiple towns, I think two - three small towns with 5 to 10 minutes of modest driving in between them would give it that county/rural feel, especially with a logging area and a few farms along the way;\nHousing, I think a few options with rent to pay would give it a good life simulation feel;\nBusinesses, I think each town should have multiple businesses that each have wares for the players to buy, such as a diners, grocery stores, or gas stations for food. A dealership for personal vehicles. This can really go anywhere for businessess.\n\nI have a few more ideas that I just think are personal wants, they may actually be useful for the game but I'm not too sure. I'm not too sure if this is too lengthy or something so I'm fully open to the negative replies but nonetheless if you need anymore reply, or add my Snapchat to talk privately :shawnoe32"
oen4di,A physics based combat game where different weapons have different scaling properties,"For example, weapons that scale with Momentum would do more damage the faster they are moving. This would be really good for weapons like flails or whips. There could also be weapons that scale with Gravity and do more damage the farther they fall. For instance, if you did a plunging attack off a high building using a weapon with an S+ scaling in Gravity, you would just obliterate whatever enemy you land on"
oem8ef,Cool 2d visual novel concepts?,I got a new game engine that I’m excited to use but I have absolutely no ideas on what I should make. Any suggestions?
oekvfe,Does anyone have 2d story game ideas?,
oehuzq,RPG with an unique TurnBase Combat mechanic.,"**Hi everyone!** I'm currently making an RPG heavly inspired in undertale and earthbound and I need some help in the combat system. I have litteraly no ideas. \n\nI want something unique that doesn´t feell like that the player isn´t playing another final fantasy. \n\nI love the undertale mechanic but I want something different since the gamplay is already similar. \n\nThe person with the best idea will get his/her name in the credits :)  \n\nThe story will be about demons or something, I can´t decide it yet.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nPS: Sorry for my poor English, it's not my first language and I'm still learning :P **Thank you**!"
oe9xzd,What flairs means?,
oe65s0,Open world history/mythology RPG,"\*DISCLAIMER: I dont know if it's possible but if it is it will take a really long time\*\n\nIt's an open world and the map should be the earth, based on where you live is where you should start/spawn. You are going to choose between some classes (Like you do in WoW). The earth should have some houses where you can follow the main story but you can do other things like building your own house just like minecraft, you should be able to chop down trees, eiter the trees drop aplings so you can re-plant them or it could be on automate, dosen't really mather. But as it says in the title it should contain all mythology creatures from all the different countries. Like where i live we have something called Troll, it's a giant that lives in the forrest but if you go to the ocean you might counter the legendary Kraken. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI hope some people understand what type of game this is and i would love to make it but im really bad at programing."
oe5q3e,A Transformers themed battle royale,"Simple concept, start as a robot (no vehicle mode) you have to scan a car to enable the vehicle mode.\n\nthe car form is your armour level, so bigger the vehicle the higher the armour, once the armour level is down to zero you have to scan a new car to re up your armour.\n\nweapons can be found in drops. \n\nupgrades or mechanics like pings/rader can be picked up and they get added to the model.\n\nthe ""ring"" could be the warp gate closing effect from the shows or maybe the rust stuff from the prime show\n\nthen obviously it's giant robots fighting destructible building's and terrain if on earth. but it would be cooler if it was on cybertron. \n\nThe style of war for cybertron / fall of cybertron"
oe5hsk,"A cactus rolling game. Sonic, in slow motion. Momentum conservation.","You play as a potted cactus that got stuck underground, and is trying to get to the surface.\n\nThe cactus part is sticky, and will attach to objects such as walls, etc... but the pot is not. So you need to gather momentum and keep that momentum in order to keep moving, otherwise you'll get stuck on your side and can't get back up.  \n\n\nIt's basically slow motion sonic, but underground. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nNo enemies, except there are a bunch of mushrooms that want to be your friend and cheer you on. Little do the mushrooms know that they release poison spores that kill you (so you have to keep moving forward). \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou have to avoid water because cactuses drown, and  you can stand in sun rays that pierced the surface in order to get a speed boost. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOnly two commands. Jump, and roll."
oe24mw,Space-Prison Boss Rush,"Okay so I really love boss fights in video games so I came up with a scenario where you literally just fight a bunch of bosses in a tournament. Here's my idea:\n\nYou have been falsely accused of treasonous acts against the supreme ruler of the universe. Your sentence is to spend the rest of eternity in the Void Colosseum which orbits around a black hole on the outskirts of the solar system. It is essentially a prison where the most dangerous of criminals are sent to fight each other in an endless tournament. The only way out is to make it to the finals and defeat the prison's most powerful opponent. The prisoners are affected by a curse that activates upon death. Their minds are sent back in time to before the fight they died in. You must fight against various monsters, bounty hunters, war machines, demigods, and interstellar beings to make your way up.\n\nSince you are a normal human, you start off with zero combat experience. The most you are given is a dull blade and broken armor. As you fight and die, you gain abilities and combat experience. For example, successfully dodging enough attacks will increase the speed and distance of your dodges, and landing attacks with your weapon will eventually increase that weapon's attack power and speed. As you win more fights, the combatants will become increasingly harder to fight and you will eventually come across an unstoppable opponent who will effortlessly destroy you no matter how much skill you gained from previous fights. At this point, your only two choices are to fight forever, or try to find a way to break the system."
oe12cr,Car-racing MOBA - Dream MOBA combination!," \n\nAlright so here goes my concept of this game.\n\n**Base game** \- Although it would have some futuristic elements, the game would feature open-world realistic elements, cars, destruction etc. Think of the base game as Forza Horizon 4 where the graphics are an eye-candy. So let's take Forza Horizon 4 as the base game.\n\n**Let's add the MOBA flavor now** \-\n\n1. The game would feature laps-based racing on various tracks (similar to FH4)\n2. When a match is found, you'll select from a list of cars (similar to Champions selection screen in League of Legends or any other MOBA)\n3. These cars have their own passive + 2 abilities + 1 ultimate.\n4. The match could feature up to 10 laps (could be variable as per the ""fun factor"").\n5. When a lap ends, there will be a 15-second freeze (the screen would gray out), quickly giving you options to amp up your gear. The car at the first place would earn more gold than the others and so on. This would feature - a) Leveling up your ability (you can choose to level up one of your 2 abilities, or ultimate ability after the 5th lap) b) Adding a tweak to your car (handling, acceleration, transmission, top speed etc.) c) To give the trailing cars a chance, they will be given a package of nitro boost, with the car at the last place having the most nitro boost. Use the nitro wisely!\n6. If you wreck another car during a lap, you get more gold! So even if you're at the last place, you have more chances to get gold, get stronger and push to the first place.\n7. After the end of every lap, cars heal themselves with 500 health.\n8. Cars also suffer collision damage (from other cars/environment) which means you would need to drive efficiently as well (duh! it's racing after all!). Collision damage from cars is called 'ram damage' = 100 damage (but can be modified by cars' abilities).\n\nWin condition - At the end of the 10 laps or so, the car that crosses the finishing line wins!\n\n**Game modes** \- Given this concept, the game could also feature- 5v5 team-based racing- Destruction derby\n\n**Cars ideas** \- (inspired from Twisted Metal series)\n\n**Spectre ""The Special Weapon"" (1200 health)**\n\nPassive - Whenever Spectre is tail-gaiting behind a car, it gains a drafting boost, giving it more speed as the drafting continues.  \nQ (12 seconds cooldown) - Spectre goes in auto-pilot for 4 seconds taking full-control of the car. If in range of the car ahead, the auto-pilot would tail-gate to gain a drafting boost and fire a heat missile dealing 150 damage.  \nW (10 seconds cooldown) - Spectre fires a shock missile directly ahead hitting the first car and locking it's steering for 2 seconds. During this time the affected car cannot steer left or right.  \nUltimate - Spectre fires a homing missile locking on to any target ahead of him and dealing 500 + 10% of the missing health as damage. A small HUD would appear to select a target car ahead of Spectre.\n\n**Outlaw ""The SWAT Unit"" (1400 health)**\n\nPassive - Outlaw can issue ""tickets"" to high speeding cars by ramming into them. If Outlaw rams into a car speeding over 60 mph (96 kph), it issues a ""ticket"". When a car stacks over 4 tickets, it suffers a sudden speed loss to 30 mph and is dealt with 200 damage.  \nQ (10 seconds cooldown) - When in range of the car ahead, Outlaw activates it's siren initiating a chase towards that car and gaining +20 mph speed. If Outlaw rams into the car during this time, it issues 2 tickets (can stack with passive).  \nW (9 seconds cooldown) - Outlaw throws a spike strip behind it's path. If a car runs over the spike strip, the speed would decay -20 mph/second for 2.5 seconds and dealing 250 damage.  \nUltimate - Outlaw sounds a loud siren for 2 seconds after which all the cars speeding over 80 mph suffer a sudden shock, slowing the speed down by -40 mph, dealing 400 damage and issuing a ticket.\n\n**Hammerhead ""The Monster"" (1800 health)**\n\nPassive - Hammerhead has slower speed than other cars but +150 more basic damage (ram damage).  \nQ (8 seconds cooldown) - Hammerhead throws a short-range hook directly ahead. If a car is hooked for 2 seconds, Hammerhead pulls it briefly before ramming into it (100+150 damage).  \nW (10 seconds cooldown) - Hammerhead extends out a long steel barricade for 3 seconds, attached to it's back preventing cars to overtake from left or right.  \nUltimate - Hammerhead turns on the MONSTER mode for 6 seconds, gaining +30 mph speed, +400 ram damage on first hit. If the first hit wrecks the enemy car, an extra 2 seconds are added to the MONSTER mode."
odybbb,Lucky &amp; Wild VR,"Not sure if anyone ever played the old arcade game ""[Lucky &amp; Wild](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OOP-1WHSKE)"" but it was a pretty unique arcade game that would be a great concept to port to VR. \n\nThe main player focuses on driving but also has a handgun to fight back if playing alone. The coop player sits shotgun and also has a handgun.\n\nThe VR version could expand on the abilities of the passenger. With a convertible that player could be launching rocket launchers out the roof."
odw6ys,Twitch enabled horror game,"Just a stray 4th wall breaking mechanic that I just thought of, not a full scale idea.\n\nA horror game, possibly concerning the ghost of someone your character killed (for whatever reason) that can detect if you're streaming the game and will join your twitch chat as a bot and haunt you with creepy messages that directly relate to your gameplay."
odvfzu,Survival Horror Game Where You Get to do Actual Work,"Okay, so this is going to sound a bit cliche but I have attached a link to this post which shows a demonstration of how a VR environment can be used  for work [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttrHWZVMugo&amp;ab\_channel=RedStapler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttrHWZVMugo&amp;ab_channel=RedStapler)\n\nNow imagine if someone could implement a survival horror game such as FNAF where you have to stay in one place whilst also being able to interact with your work environment. Some problems of course would be trying to concentrate whilst also being on edge for potential jumpscares. But it was just an idea I would like to share.   \n\n\nIf anyone has other ideas for VR office spaces it would be cool if you wrote them down below\n\nThanks!"
odu9kc,The walking dead: walkers world,"The basic idea is that it's an open world extreme survival game\n\nYou create your own character and give them different attributes (similar to fallouts S.P.E.C.I.A.L system) with fitting choices to the world  and theme \n\nThe game would take place (if it were possible) a almost full scale America\n\nClans can be made \nAs well as camps/facilities which can be made with recourses found in the world \nNPC's can be gained from helping them in cities etc. And gaining them to your base would be an option\n\nIf enough Npc survivors can be found you can start trading arrangements with other clans , but things can go wrong with these trips as they are Npc ran so natural occurrences could happen such as problems like walker attacks or other multiplayer people/ clans attack the vehicles the NPCs use \n\nYou could start trading gear with clans without using the game feature of using NPC's, for safer negotiations but the Npc trading drives are just to save the player time \n\nResources could be very hard to find but farming and engineering can be done by using either NPC's or using your characters own skills \n\nUnlike later seasons walkers will be common to see as many games like dayz have zombies but they are never a threat due to them being mostly non apparent in gameplay \n\nEventually herds of walkers will start to appear but they will mostly be on highway areas \n\nWalkers will mostly be attracted to players due to noise mostly game chat or gun shots \n\nAs places such as camps when so much game chat starts eventually walkers will be attracted\n\nCars will be a huge part of this game as unlike in most games storage is reflected in a realistic manner and travel will take long amounts of time travelling to long distance locations \n\nMost if not all cars are fully built when a server is started but over time people will start taking parts such as tires and batteries, fuel will be hard to find (not as hard as dayZ as it's near impossible to use cars) \n\nIn gameplay unless NPC's or online players are killed in a head location they will eventually turn (online players won't have control of the walker version of them) \n\nThat's basically it, this is a game that would basically only be possible in a perfect world 😅😅 but it's still a cool idea I wanted to share please don't hate"
odszix,SMALL CREATURES survival game,"all survival games need a gimmick dinosaur, post-apocalypse, zombies again.. and much more\n\nbut for the longest time, I have always wanted a survival game based on the creatures you would find in your back garden and living the hidden lives of those animals. I thought the idea of playing as an animal was dead in the water as for years nobody ever picked up the idea until The isle game along no doubt helped by the new boom in dinosaurs media. But unfortunately, bugs and little creatures aren't as interesting, and projects that attempt to make survival games based on such a premise but with arthropods as the main focus often get ruined. a few examples were insect kingdom where the dev demanded 100,000 to finish the game despite providing bare bones and in my opinion, unengaging and terrible game mechanics and Ant simulator which had all its funding spent away by shady people who apparently betrayed the lead developer.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\napparently, the universe hates this idea but new hope came when I saw the trailer for grounded only to realize your not gonna play as bugs but a bunch of annoying kids. So you know what I'm gonna issue a challenge to develop a survival game set in the undergrowth WHERE YOU DON""T PLAY AS HUMANS but as insects hell at this point id be fine with playing as a rat.\n\nAnd here are some ideas\n\n1. don't make it a 3rd person game I know it's tempting but trust me making it 3rd person robs the game of its true scale. though this prospect might get confusing for walking up walls (which insects tend to do) don't worry Natural selection2 tackled this problem brilliantly where they fixed the camera of the player so they wouldn't be disorientated. If you want a terrible example of this look at alien vs predator and watch an alien playthrough (you might get motion sickness).\n\n2. add multiplayer, why ? well, we already have singleplayer only games where you play as bugs deadly creatures, Badmojo, and others unless your game is gonna have a revolutionary groundbreaking story living in an empty world filled with bots is incredibly boring and your game will die.\n\n3. add progression, whether it be insect growth to adulthood or possibly even upgrading your skills(possibly through an RPG system or skill tree) players need a reason to keep playing a goal to reach.\n\n4. ACTUALLY RESEARCH INSECTS AND OTHER ARTHROPODS, there are so many interesting creatures out there that get left out because ""we want big spider"" or ""ant cool"" look at other creatures for example\n\ndragonflies fast and quick aerial predators that can hover but as babies, they live underwater as predators, there are assassin bugs that literally collect hundreds of bug corpses on their backs as armor, there are spiders that can walk on water, the bombardier beetle can light an explosive reaction so hot it cooks ants alive, there are so many other gimmicks to add to make VARIED GAMEPLAY instead of ""haha ant crawl up the wall"".\n\n4. ADD MOVEMENT OPTIONS, people love moving why do you think rocket jumping became such a beloved feature, bugs can fly run up walls dig underground, and jump. \n\n5. you need bots, your game needs to be able to be fun even without a huge player base which unfortunately for a premise like this will probably be the case because pussies will be too scared to play because ""spiders are so scary"" so adding bot enemies like roaming spiders or an ant nest full of aggressive ants that players could raid is important.\n\nso far these are my ideas and grievances with the genre I don't know if ill ever live to see such an idea happen since too many people think bugs are icky and would rather step on them than take the time to understand them let alone play as them in a videogame."
ods2r9,How would you make a online flash game (not really a game idea rather just something I can never figure out a answer to),"The closest I've seen is just slowing down other people, which really isn't ideal. But then again you can't actually just ""make it"" because that's you know.. impossible."
odk90o,Word guessing game but with pronunciation,"the gameplay goes so you would see a word but it's instead written how it's pronounced. For example,  Hello would be həˈloʊ and so on. I am still not sure what could make it more interesting and hope to get suggestions from the comments"
odjdzx,Looking for a puzzle game idea,Anybody have an idea for a puzzle / strategy game?
odj0yy,I was listening to Machine Head and Slipknot when I had an idea...,"Action based game set in South America during the time of the conquistadors. From a once well established township, that has fallen into ruin due to small pox, a young lady, daughter of a shaman steps up for her people. He sends her on a quest to drive back the conquistadors on his dieing breath. (Small pox would be depicted as a curse brought on by the westerners.)  \n\n\nShe heads through the jungle to the next nearest village/town that has apparently been ransacked. (insert combat tutorial vs wildlife). She would have eaten a hallucigen that the warriors in her tribe use before a hunt/battle. So the walk down would get progressively more distorted/trippy on her way. When she arrives at the village that is being occupied by conquistadors she sees (insert all horrible things they are doing) them as half man/demon things due to her hallucingens. Heavy metal music such as Slipknot - Distasterpiece type will be playing. Combat would be arena style very similar to Senua's Sacrifice as I feel the pacing and weight of it would suit the setting.\n\nExploration should be limited, giving the player a very linear path like Senua's Sacrifice, Tomb Raider, Uncharted to allow for set piece scenes and space for cinematic story. This isn't the type of game where you want your character to be running 24/7. Atmosphere is key. Running in combat environments, sure but otherwise no.\n\nAs the character takes the psychedelic warrior brew, the jungle will grow darker/more hellish as the character is NOT having a happy fun time. Whilst making the environment blurry perhaps, it should make entities/interactable items pop out, even maybe glow to represent the hyper focus from that state of mind.  \n\n\nIn her journey she will have visions of her father guiding her, the environments get more and more surreal as the game goes on, it ends in her actually driving them back (alternate history much). At some point she finds a historic/legendary weapon. Keep time span of the story vague.\n\nEvery town can be approached with stealth or warrior smash style. Stealth involves sneaking and ranged weapons (poison blow dart? Bow?) and take downs and hiding the bodies. Some towns will be easier to stealth or to just leeroy.  \n\n\nPsychedelic drugs restore her health but here is the caveat. There are different endings, depending on if she took minimal amounts of psychedelics or insanely heavy amounts. The best outcome is she pushes back the conquistadors and made Queen or something for her efforts. The middle one, is she pushes them back, but her own people banish her at the end because she is too scarred from the experience making her violent/crazy. The worst outcome is that she took so much damage that she ignored during the playthrough that the moment she beats the last mission, she falls to the floor, dieing of her injuries."
odiors,New team for game devs( especially beginners )and i have some things for pros too.,[removed]
odiiz8,I an building a FFA shooter inside a game called Crayta. Any mechanic ideas?,My idea is a shooter where you collect 'energy crystals' which spawn randomly acrosd the map and the first player to collect 5 crystals wins. Crayta is an online platform like Roblox or Core. Does anyone have any ideas for mechanics?
odi4q7,My first concept,"  \n\nMy first concept. Please share your opinion and tell me how this concept could be improved.\n\n*(Sorry in advance for possible mistakes in spelling, as English is not my native language)* \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Plot basis** \n\nOn December 26, 1991, Lenin wakes up in one of the Khrushchevka flat. In an attempt to prevent the collapse of the USSR, he moves between the rooms of a large and spacious Khrushchevka (about 14 rooms per level), using fists and improvised means, engages in battle with people who send both real personalities and characters from Soviet films and other fictional characters (for example Cheburashka). In the last room, a boss battle awaits him, after which, instead of preventing the collapse of the USSR, he is pulled to the upper floor (in the past several years ago). Each of the floors personifies a certain era of the USSR, depending on the ruler. And on every floor, Lenin is trying to save socialism. In the course of the plot, the player only has to find out why Lenin woke up in Khrushchevka, and what awaits him on the top floor when he gets to 1917 year. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Genre**\n\nRoguelike, top view, drawing - pixel art, soundtrack - sovietwave. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**References:** \n\nMoving between paneled rooms in Khrushchevka flat as moving between rooms in ""Binding of Isaac"". \n\nFrom the same Isaac, the idea of constant descent into the underground is reversed, since time goes in the opposite order, from the collapse of the USSR to its appearance, then Lenin ascends through the floors, and does not descend. \n\nThe combat system is similar to ""Hotline Miami"", in addition to fists, you can use improvised items, and sometimes firearms. \n\nAlso, as references for drawing, you can refer to such beautiful games as Noita or Graveyard keeper.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI would be glad to hear your opinion on the concept. Tell me what could be added to the game."
ode7ay,Mechanics ideas for current game,"So I have a locomotion setup I need ideas to slow down the player as he/she attempts to reach end checkpoint.\nI have security cameras that close exits to your current room when detected, which you have to find the control panel to unlock and door and temporarily disable cameras. I am already working on guards, so I need other ideas. The setting has yet to be determined."
oddv77,The world is in desperate need of a game where you play animals in a medieval setting,"It doesn't matter if it is fantasy or not, but for example, I think a game where you and your buds, as wolves, raid a human's wagon on a road. The humans could be AI or normal people But I think It would be incredibly fun, especially sense there could be birds or rats in city biome and larger animals or even herds of bison in the wild's. Basically the isle with normal animals and humans in an era were animals could actually compete with us, and often win. I think the world just needs more survival animal games in general though because they're so much fun and it's still a pretty new genre!"
odcfh1,A Free Roam Venom Based Game,"A Game where you play as a Normal Dude, but you can instantly swap to something like Marvel's Venom (the swapping mechanic could be like the one in Spider-Man: Web of Shadows)\n\nThe Story could be like a Playable version of the Venom Movie\n\n\nNow,\nHave a Good Day/Night"
odc9j4,Looking for some criticism and ideas for my NSFW game!,"I'm currently working on writing a NSFW twine game with a medieval theme. It's going to be low-fantasy, with subdued magic elements and a dark vibe as well as lots of fetishes. I've kind of hit a writers block and am curious to see what people think so far, what they've got for ideas, and whatever else in regards to input they'd have. So here's a general idea of what I have so far. All feedback is appreciated!\n\n\nAbout you, the player:\n\nYou grew up in the walled city of Agara, and have never left. The outside world is unknown. Rumors speak of larger cities and unspeakable horrors that lurk in the forest. You are 18 years old now and have always been on your own. You've lived off the streets as a beggar. You had a family once, but your parents mysteriously disappeared when you were 5. You have no family here and are completely alone.\n\n\nThe City of Agara (uh-gar-uh)\n\nDescription:\n\nThe city of Agara is a small, walled city built in the hills of the grass lands just outside the forest. Most notable for its scenery and smell, Agara houses lots of wood fires, creating a very smokey and well-lit impression. Homes here are primarily built of wood and stone; the poor live in shacks of low quality wood, whereas the rich live in homes of cobblestone and durable, stripped wood. Due to this construction method, fires are very prevalent here, mostly due to drunken mistakes.\n\n\nLaws:\n\nThe city is controlled and governed by a counsel of people. Children under the age of 18 are not allowed to leave the walled city of Agara for safety reasons, as enforced by the counsel. Those who commit crimes too severe for pillory are banished from the city or tied and left in the forest, regardless of age.\n\n\nLocations:\n\nThe Jelous Mug - Tavern; The only tavern in Agara, and a local favorite for eating, drinking, and sleeping.\n\nUnnamed Location - Public Bathhouse; The newest building in the city. With the abundance of wood sourced from the regions forests, fires could be made to warm waters for public bathing, keeping people from bathing in nearby waterways used for drinking water.\n\n\nNotable Occupations:\n\nCarpenter\n\n\nThe Monsters:\n\nHumans - people are unpredictable\n\nOrc - a byproduct of dark magic\n\nVampyre - thrive in the darkest depths of large cities\n\nLycan - much like vampyre, they are humans inflicted with a curse that is said to have origins that trace back to the elves.\n\nMinotaur\n\nCentaur\n\nElves - Extinct, along with magic itself. Elves grew too powerful for their own good, and it ultimately caused their demise ( a civil war called the war of the gods )\n\nAll monsters pose a threat to you outside of walled locations. ( Vampyre, Lycan, and Humans can still be found inside of walled locations )\n\n\nAs mentioned above your parents went missing when you were just 5 years old. Hints and clues found while playing will lead you to an unnamed extremely powerful entity which I will refer to as ""the dairy"". A place that farms humans and creatures for a profit. (milking and breeding them etc.) This place will reveal their fate. You the player can be captured or sold to the dairy before finding clues in the game based on your actions.\n\n\nMisc Notes:\n\nIn this game world the passage of information is very poor, as news and communication only travels by mouth, courier, or birds.\n\n\nPlanned ""Goals"" for in game:\n\nFind the fate of your parents\n\nStay Alive as long as you can\n\nWork for money and achieve great wealth buying awesome things"
ojawv3,New enemies for Pacman, what new type of enemies would you come up with for Pacman?
oj8jbf,A class customization made for RP and immersing yourself in your character.,"So recently, while trying to come up with new builds to do for Skyrim, (I made a Vampire Warlord. I know you didn't ask.) I had an idea for a mechanic that basically allowed you to take free range of creating a class, like Skyrim, but a bit more complex in some areas and a bit more simple in others.  \n\n\nSo here's how it would work: Most RPG's (and this mechanic is RPG focused) have the usual skill trees with perks and talents, but in this class customization, you could select three skill trees where you learn their skills faster than any other, helping to immerse yourself in your class. (For example, if you wanted to make some type of mage, you could select light armor, some form of magic, and idk let's say alchemy/potions as your three skill tree buffs.) At the start of creating your class, you would also start with a few points which you can put into these skill trees to start them off leveled up a bit. (Kind of like Neverwinter Nights or Baulder's Gate) And then you give yourself a class trait. You start out with a few basic ones, but more can be unlocked by playing the game, long quest chains, etc. These class traits would be a skill that you can only have one of to help make your class a little more unique.  \n\n\nThe last step of this class customization would be choosing from a backstory for your character which will give you certain advantages but might give you a disadvantage or two, and once again help to immerse yourself in your character. (Ex: Like if your chosen backstory was farmer, you would have advantages in eating and medium/light armor but would have a slight disadvantage when it came to magic/spells). Some of these backstories would start the player off in a new area leading to a new intro and possibly a few short side quests, although they could lead back to the main story. These backstories could also be unlocked by playing the game, as in, beating story arcs, long quest chains, beating the game (and getting different endings if the devs are into that) etc. Maybe you can make your own backstory with it's own lore but it would have the normal starting area and not give any advantages or disadvantages.  \n\n\nTo wrap up, you name your class and go on your way. This type of class customization would be fantastic (although, I will agree it likely needs some fine tuning) for RPG games. The unlockable class traits and backstories could possibly add lots of replay value to the game, something devs usually hope to give players the experience of, without making the game feel unfair at the start. This type of class customization could also give players a lot of creativity and power over what type of story they want to play. It could now be easier to play the demonic villain, it could now be easier to play someone with a hate for the undead, it could now be easier to play an old grumpy mage hermit, etc etc. and truly immerse yourselves into these roles. (The only thing that would make this perfect is if more modern RPG's had vast dialogue trees like older D&amp;D games) I won't ever be making this (I never could get into programming, I tried four times) but I hope someone does someday. It would be ***magnificent*** \[insert Italian hand emoji\] ."
oj8g1f,Racing Royal,"This game seems very simple to imagine and yet I have never seen a game like this anywhere. The Battle Royal mechanic has been overused and yet almost every game looks the same. A good way to revolutionize this type of game is I think via a Battle Royal racing game. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIn Racing Royal the race is drawn as the game goes on, in an Open World city. The player closest to the head of the race is the first, the closest to the first is the second, the closest to the second is the third and so on until the last. Every 10 (20 or 30) seconds the last one in the race is eliminated. Players can choose not to follow the race route, to take shortcuts or to collect upgrades that appear all over the map. The winner of the race is the last person still driving.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf you know a game that look like this I would realy like to play it."
oj5wbu,FP GAME IDEA,"Hey Guys I'am looking for a first person game idea. So far I've only got cutting tree's with an axe on my game. I was rhinking about a chicken killer game, but I don't know how I can make a game about that, any ideas?"
oj5uu1,A game where you primarily play as Venom,"I think that Sony and PlayStation are missing out by making an M-Rated Venom video game. The game would feature a younger Eddie Brock when he just gets the symbiote and after being embarrassed/humiliated by Peter Parker/Spider-Man. The game's Story would have a symbiote who is experienced with combat and other powers from other past hosts before Peter put it under containment allowing players to have many other powers to play with in an open world sandbox with many great action locals to destroy/play with. It would have a story where Eddie uses the suit to track down super villians and Spider-Man along with saving the city from a massive threat of a symbiote invasion or a robotic take over and eventually teaming up with all the heroes/villians he has faced throughout is story. The main feature I would want to implement to not have to warrant a skill tree would be the decision to spare the Heroes/villians you encounter to help you with the final confrontation or to consume the hero/villian and have more powers to use in the final confrontation. This final confrontation would be either Doc Ock or Spider-Man with his own symbiote (either carnage after realizing there would be no one to kill if Venom would win or some other symbiote that would actually have good intentions). The game would have 5 different endings. One where you stop Doc Ock. One where you see the good side in Doc Ock's plan and help him. One where you kill Spider-Man and cause a symbiote invasion using the radioactive part of Spider-Man's blood to multiply the amount of symbiotes creating ""Venom Country"". And one where you stop to reconsider what you have just done and let Spider-Man bring you to justice. The Last ending would be where you free Carnage from a mental institute and go on a killing spree all throughout the big apple. A carnage DLC would be something I would love to add to the game along with a Silver Sable DLC where you hunt Venom down. Of course Rated-M for drug abuse, Intense violence, blood and gore, and strong language. The game should be made by Insomniac, Rocksteady, and Neversoft. Tell me what you all think in the comments!"
oj1fdd,Giving directions simulator,"The core concept is a game centred around giving directions to passerbys through hand gestures (or any other form of cardinal direction) around a small open world city. \n\nPersonally, I'm imagining it as a rainy night in a small, dingy city. Most of the light coming from streetlamps and the signs on clubs and restaurants. Occasionally, various NPCs stop you on your way around town to ask you for directions to the aforementioned clubs and restaurants. The core mechanic would be to do your best to familiarize yourself with the city and point the NPCs in the right direction using only cardinal directions.  e.g '' Take a left, then another left, then a right, then straight until you reach Club Flamingo''\n\nAs for further ideas, I'd encourage creative freedom, there's a few ways a game with those mechanics could go. High score/reputation system/infinite walking simulator/social sim, etc.\n\nWould like to hear your own thoughts/ideas here."
oizhqc,Sandbox chemistry game,It can be a powder toy type game but you unlock elements. To be able to make new elements. Then at the end you can make a bomb with the most complex chemicals
oiytbw,"can give me idea of ​​2d game for the theme ""ONE TIME USE""?",it's for a game jam
oiyke2,Original story one piece ARPG,"\nOverview\n Create an open world action adventure RPG where you create your own Pirate, ship and flag that can be fully upgraded and customized through the game. It is a stand alone story that is part of the one piece universe and sticks to the mythos. You will interact with everyone throughout the universe. Main plot of the game is there is a pirate killer crew out in the world killing crews and stealing their best fighters and turning them against their team with a devil fruit power user who was resurrected by black beard and his crew.\n\nGoals\nTo create a open world with the one piece universe in mind\n\nTo create a compelling storyline that gives the player a sense that their actions and choices will better their experience and enrich the overall grind\nto become a top tier warlord/captain/Rebel \n\nCreate a ship builder that is both open for creativity and the interior for upgrade station/living quarters/ navigation room\nCreate a fun class system that gives the player complete freedom on their look, abilities, fighting style and mannerisms.\n\nMake a combat system that is unique and not too complicated but still offers a wide range of skills to master completely .\n\nIntroduce a new enemy faction that has a wide variety of abilities, skills and powers that the player can learn, master and collect. \n\n\nSpecifications\nThink along the lines of sea of thieves meets the elder scrolls online and they have a 3way with xenoverse.  You start out in the open sea with the choice of species and gender then you pick your appearance. From this point you can choose a predetermined start or open seas. (pre-set paths include- Marine captain, Warlord, Rebel leader or Treasure seeker.)\n\n\nWhen you set out on your journey the first thing you notice is a ship not off to far from you that you can swim to, when you climb about the ship you see there has been a massacure and the crew has all been killed. (you can openly explore the ship) you will come to a chest in the captain's quarters that was behind a painting and inside is a devil Fruit and this is where your first choice comes into play."
oiyk53,Simple 2D game?,I want ideas for a simple 2D game that i can mane so creative and original as possible I want to make a game like no one has ever seen before 😀
oiwvil,3v1 Groovy TPS,"There are 4 players(3v1) in a 3D space. 3 of the players are the hackers or “ disablers” and the other the powerful  “firewall” system, programmed to protect the AI core at the center of the map. This player will have access to the security system of the facility. They control guards, enable turrets release traps and more to try and stop the disablers. Disablers will have abilities they can use to defend and heal their teammates or to attack and disable the firewall. every round, players can improve their skills and equipment, and the AI can upgrade its system.  The Disablers team wins a match by shutting down the core, and the Firewall can win by successfully defending until the time has run out, or killing all of the Disablers.  The game is finished when one team wins three rounds . There are a number of characters with unique abilities to choose from. \n\nVisuals:\nThe game and characters will have a minimalistic and colorful retro design based on 70s sci-fi with heavy psychedelic influence. Dark humor and blood. \n“How would the world look If AI was invented in the 70s”"
oiv6ap,Druid mechanic,"This could work for all sorts of games but I think an mmo would be the most fun.\n\nThe druid archetype is often associated with nature and shape-shifting. My idea takes it to another level. Imagine if you could shape-shift into passive entities (like a horse or a tree) and blend into the environment.\n\n This could allow for creative gank setups on players, removing aggro from hostile mobs, or even integrate into some quests.\n\nCurious what your thoughts are?"
oio6i8,I need help with story premise,"I have a concept for the game: player appears in a city at night, you can head distant urban noises and lights in windows, but you can't see a single soul around. Sort of liminal space city. I see it as a horror game (not screamers&amp;chases horror but rather one with heavy intimidating atmosphere, possible without screamers or enemies at all)\n\nI came up with this recently and I liked it, so I'd really like to make some short intermediate-level game. But the problem is that I just can't think of anything decent other than cliche ""it's in your head and the character is actually in coma irl"""
oin45a,"Voxel-based, chemistry focused terraforming simulator on an alien planet.","Soil management is complicated. You need the three basics like nitrogen, potassium, phosphorus, etc... but also a ton of other micro and macro nutrients. They're hard enough to come by on earth, but on an alien world they might be even harder!\n\nYou start off on a barren, but reasonably earth-like planet. You scan some rocks near water and that get some sunlight. You add lichen, and watch it break down the rock. Rain falls and washes away the broken down rocks, which then add nutrients to the voxels below.\n\nKeep going until you have enough nutrients that you can add nitrogen fixing bacteria to the ground below. \n\nThen you move onto mosses, etc... and eventually turn the planet green!"
oin3st,Hunger Games but you’re the Head Gamemaker,"This idea has been in my head for a while. I found out that I love management games but I also enjoy some hack and slash. But imagine if you could do both. Here’s my idea:\nYou’re a Head Gamemaker in Panem and it’s your job to create a Hunger Games worthy of broadcast. Imagine if you could decide the arena. Turn it into a desert! An arctic! Or a city! It could be those like sandbox-y Planet Coaster-esque retraining but the tributes actually interact with it. You could decide which weapons are available. You get info on the tributes and can tailor it as suited. You could cause effects such as the fire in Hunger Games, or the clock in Catching Fire (might be a bit much haha but still)\n\nMAYBE you could even watch like tribute showcases, give scores and stuff based on their attributes.\n\nI was even thinking about like mutts and the sort. Imagine if you could do something like genetically engineer mutts, make can go for a specific tribute, etc, give them features. You can choose where to release them. Perhaps as the Games progresses, you get an entertainment rating, etc. Or like maybe you could do something with the tribute parade, and interviews etc. \n\nThis would be micro management on a whole other level. \n\nAt the end of the game you could get like an overall entertainment rating, how much people enjoy the Games, etc those things. \n\nOof I’m getting really excited haha"
oimx3w,Arcade soccer game with some Mario Kart vibe,"Hello there, here is a simple idea I got as some soccer tournaments just ended this week, I would like your opinion/thoughts about that, so any comment would be greatly appreciated !  \n\n\nMy main references are Super Mario Strikers and Rocket League, as you can play with small teams in quite small stadiums, the action is quite fast and the style quite arcade. The idea would be to remain in a cartoon style and throw some funny situations along the game. Something like Kopanito but in a smaller arena, with maybe less characters and of course much more items (in addition of the ultimate that needs to be charged over time), and why not some arena random behaviors (for example mole invasion), or some weather effect with real impact on the game (like a tornado, or thunderbolts).  \nWhy soccer/football ? Just because it's the current most popular sport, and it allows simpler graphics (for example a character can have the same animation while running with or without the balloon), but if you think about any other ""sport"" feel free to post it.  \nAs in Mario Kart, not only the skill should reward the player, but also smart plays with the items. They can be used either defensively or offensively, but friendly fire is enabled so it should be used wisely. As the game takes place in an arena, some AoE spells could also be added, but still with non lethal stuff, the game should remains suitable for all audiences. A hit character is only pushed a bit in the air, or is stunned for a bit, then can start play again.  \nOf course there would not be any referee, so players are free to unleash they ferocity. Maybe the goal keeper could be non playable and should dodge all attacks to avoid any cheat. Moreover, the arena is closed, so the ball bounces on sides to avoid any free time for the player (which would be compensated by quick games of several minutes).  \n\n\nFinally, I think there should not be any ""stats"" on the players or the team, which leads to some frustration of ""you won only because you picked this team/character"", only cosmetic differences. Maybe only the ultimate could be based on the character, but then the balancing should be perfect.  \n\n\nSo what do you think about that ? Feel free to ask any question, I'll try to answer straight to the point."
oij8b1,"game idea, ""EXTERMINATOR""","in this game, there are 4 roles  \nThe exterminator  \nmust kill a specific player on the map. every 15 seconds they get an update on the players position, and is a robot. so can only die from heavy fire, explosions, extreme heat. if the exterminator is hit by anything that wont kill it. it will either withstand it, or will be knocked over taking no damage for either.  \nThe citizen  \neither the hero, or a nobody.\n\nThe Hero  \nthe player the exterminator must kill to win the game. the hero doesn't know he is the hero,\n\nThe Protector,   \nthis player comes into the game with a grenade, and some heavy ammo. no gun. \n\nGuns randomly spawn around the map, \n\nif the hero dies AT ALL. its exterminator victory. if the exterminator dies at all. everyone else wins."
oig7hx,VR Multiplayer Zombie Golf - Expanding on an Earlier Idea,"Original : “A golf game, but in a zombie apocalypse world. You have guns and golf clubs.\n\nFend off approaching zombies to get your golf shot off. The closer the zombies get, the harder it is to hit the golf ball the way you want, because you get scared and shake more with decreased distance between you and the zombies.””\n\nYou can shoot the zombies, set traps, or hit them with your clubs if they get close enough.” Credit: u/Jfonzy\n\nI like this idea a lot and just got an oculus quest 2 and would like to start working with it keeping in mind I’m a solo developer. The addition of vr allows for wacky physics that add a lot to the overall experience. Multiplayer is the same deal as a lot of the fun comes from the players themselves. For example, instead of working together to fend off the zombies to help your teammate golf you could use them to your advantage as a distraction. Of course single player would also be available with a campaign of sorts. From a development perspective it’s appealing as the gameplay would be, no pun intended, par for the course for a vr game, shooting and swinging. This is labeled as a request as I like the core concept but need some input on a clearer idea of specific game modes, what a campaign would look like, and generally what you would what to see in a game like this."
oifn87,Foot ball escape,This is the average football game \n\nBut The catch is it is a room Escape two\n\nStuff starts to catch on fire\n\nAnd making it harder for you to escape\n\nThe goal is to beat the enemy team\n\nCollect all items to open the door\n\nSay gg
oieqyu,Shape-shifting Detective,"One of those mystery games where  you play as a detective. Except the witnesses might not give you the full details, or might lie to you, or might be mistaken about information. \n\nYou have the ability to shape-shift, and can interact with other characters in the game. Other characters will treat / respond to you differently based on the form you take. You may be able to learn different things from different characters based on the forms you interact take when you interact with them."
oie41t,Help with a game mechanic,"Ello'. I wanted to develop a short project, and challenge myself by using a game engine with a ton of limitations. The game idea I settled upon was a short top-down game in which enemies would be following you, and you have to destroy them and score points by making two or more enemies collide. Sort of based of the ancient myth of the labyrinth of Crete. When I was doing a bit of research, I came upon a game called Catch Me, by a dev named T1mBer. Unfortunately, the game's concept and visual style was highly similar to what I had planned. (Note that this game was made before I even came up with the idea so they didn't steal the idea, and I just found out about the game days before writing this, so I didn't steal anything either.) This brings me to my question. Does any one have any game mechanics or features that could differentiate this game so it doesn't feel like a blatant copy? Also, the game can only use the keys W, A, S, D, I, J, K, L, O, U, SPACE, and ENTER, and no mouse controls. Its a limitation of the engine. \n\nThanks in advance,\n\nOmnis316"
oid3kj,Build your own warship - Multiplayer,"Build your own warship game.  Similar to Kerbal Space Program with the ship building and skill unlocks. Combined with multiplayer battles.\n\nDesign Different ships, styles, armorment, etc."
oicdyx,Life Detective,You are in the future and you can see through people's memory to piece together clues
oic9ts,"Simple phone or WebApp to guess what news headlines are real - Take posts from r/theonion and r/nottheonion, mix the titles together and have the player guess whether it's a real headline or not.","Format as cards showing one headline at a time and two buttons for ""Not The Onion"" or ""The Onion"", can keep score of right guesses.\nBonus feature could be for it to show link to article/original post after user chooses their answer."
oic1iy,"I am a to-be game dev, please send me your dream game ideas and I might make it! (I'm active)",Yeah i'm out of ideas.
oib7e8,Need game ideas for the theme One Time Use,Hi\n\nI'm participating in a game jam and I'm struggling to come up with ideas of what I could make.\n\nThe theme is:\n\nOne Time Use\n\nAny ideas are welcome as long as they use the theme. Thanks in advance
oiaek3,VR Slasher Game (You are the Slasher),"This is a single player and multiplayer game. You can play with bot victims/prey or people victims. If playing multiplayer then the victims have to perform tasks (clean the house, house sit, go to work) until they encounter the slasher. (They will hear a heart beat when the slasher is close) ig single player then the Ai does this automatically.\n\nAt the start of the game (not startup) you get to create your slasher. You can choose your weapon; claws, knife, axe, etc. each one has its own stats, buffs and de-buffs (The claws do massive damage but are short range and you are unable to pick up objects that aren’t the “prey”, the axe has long range, does high damage but is slower and has weight to slow you down, but it can be dropped). Your costume can also have buffs and rebuffs as well. You want to be a Clown? Most people may be suspicious of you if you are in a certain area, but it could also lure out a few people as well to make for easy targets. You want to have a similar costume to Ghost face? (Phantom) You can run faster, especially with a knife or claws, you are also harder to detect in the dark and have a bullet resistant vest so you have more health, however if you get spotted and are unable to react you become instantly hunted. \n\nThe goal is that in each level you have certain victims you have to kill (kind of like Hitman), you can kill any NPC though. There is no time limit, however there are police who will try to stop you if they get alerted. They won’t know where you are at all times, but if they figure out your targets they may try to bring them to a safe house making them harder to kill. (There is a pattern and you have to try to make sure you don’t leave clues and keep your pattern hidden)\n\nThere could be levels that you can go through, or instead have an open world dynamic somehow with a survival mode and day cycle with a story. The levels can have their own story.\n\nMisc mechanics; you can drop your weapons (aside from claws) and pick up other weapons you find through the map if you so choose. You can use the environment to get kills, i.e. bricks, walls, sharp objects that are in the environment. The victims may know you depending on the level, so you get bonus points if you “reveal” yourself by removing the mask and showing them your face before you kill them. If they escape while doing that and they go to the police it is game over. After each level you can level up your equipment and costumes and skills.\n\nI’m not a game designer, but i personally play them and would love to see this."
oi9bc1,Language Civ Game,"A simplistic cutesy civilization, god sim type game with different regions or continents. The main mechanic, and hardest to add, has to do with language. You start of with English (Common) or whatever languages you feel comfortable adding as the first and common language. Every person starts off in the same area, continent or region. These people will create a nation with a language. As people expand and move off the main language will start to change or have slang. (There could be a rough translation). This could be done via a random word generator using simple word structures than will occasionally replace words in the common language throughout different nations or regions, even religions if you want to get fancy and add that. The starting region is least likely to change, you can put in a mechanic such as it’s more likely to change depending on how many times people have moved or split off, locations, types of plants or wildlife in an area. If a region gets invaded then their language may become more common in that area. As a player you can get a rough translation as we’ll if that is possible to put in the game. The rest is up to you to do whatever you want with."
oi85ss,The Scapegoat: A Bronze Age action rpg where you’re a Goatman combatant.,"Feel free to use this idea, or add to it.\n\nStory:  A nomadic tribe in 1,000 BC had a ritual to “cleanse” themselves of their sins. During the year, they sinned constantly. They sinned against each other, and against other tribes and nations. At the end of the year, their “holy man” performed the ritual to transfer all of their sins onto a goat. The goat was then stoned to death by the people, and the tribespeople cheered, believing that they have cleansed themselves and destroyed the evil.  The bad news is that you were the goat. The good news is that God was so angry by this that He resurrected you as a Goatman (or Goatwoman), so that you can travel the world and strike down evil!\n\nGameplay: The game can begin in any part of the world, which can either be chosen by you or chosen randomly by the computer. The view is 3rd person, and the camera angle can be manipulated to show any view that you want. Each part of the world has many areas for you to explore and do battle in.  As you defeat enemies, you gain experience, get better stats (hit points, strength, dexterity, and magic), and acquire gold that you can buy items with. Since you’re not human, many merchants won’t do business with you, so you will need to diplomatically find merchants that will work with you.  In parts of the world where gold money is not yet used, you can barter with merchants. Character level should go to 100.\n\nCharacter creation:  You can choose your gender (males have horns and females don’t, and their voices sound different). The available character classes are warrior (strength based), rogue (dexterity based), mage (intelligence based) or cleric (wisdom based).  You can also choose your fur color and eye color.\n\nAppearance and speech: Your Goatman or woman should look like a hominoid goat: [http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/\_\_cb20131110134033/cryptidz/images/thumb/1/1f/Satyr.jpg/316px-Satyr.jpg](http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20131110134033/cryptidz/images/thumb/1/1f/Satyr.jpg/316px-Satyr.jpg)\n\nThe speech should sound like human speech mixed with the “baa” sound that goats make.\n\nSkills:  Warriors, rogues, mages, and clerics should have skills similar to those in other role playing games. Warriors and rogues both use stamina to execute their moves, and mages and clerics use magic points to cast their spells. Stamina and magic points regenerate over time, and you can gain items that facilitate faster regeneration.\n\nGear:  As you defeat enemies, you acquire better armor, weapons (swords, spears, clubs, axes, staves, etc.), rings, amulets, helms, gloves, and other items. Basically, the gear is similar to those found in other rpgs, but the metallic weapons would be bronze instead of iron.  Healing potions and herbs can be found throughout the game, and can also be bought. Sleep heals you a bit as well.\n\nFood and water:  Goats and Goatpeople are herbivores, so you can either buy food or water or simply eat vegetation and drink from freshwater sources.  You will need to stock up before spending lots of time in desert regions.\n\nTransportation:  You start the game on foot, but you can acquire horses or camels to get around faster.\n\nEnemies: Most of the game, you will be fighting with evil humans all over the world, and also with wild animals that attack you. The one that decides to make this game could also incorporate demons or other evil creatures into the game.  Enemies in each region regenerate, but bosses don’t.\n\nEndgame:  Once you have completed all of the objectives in each region of the world, you will need to defeat an evil cult. Somewhere in the world (which could be randomly chosen by the computer for each game), there is an evil religion forming that masquerades as something good. You must enter their citadel and defeat them.  The final boss is an evil cleric in league with the Devil.\n\nFeel free to chime in with your own ideas on how to develop this idea."
oi5czk,New Multiplayer Sword Fighting Game!,[removed]
oi512u,"""Choose-your-own-adventure"" video game, through a 3D book","Hello there, I would like your opinion/thoughts about an idea I'm thinking about after finding some old books called ""Choose-your-own-adventure"", where you build your own adventure based on all the choices you're making while playing. I'm thinking about ways to turn it into a video game, by adding some RPG elements, but finding the good balance between random generation and hand-made stuff is hard to reach, so a bit of help would be greatly appreciated !  \n\n\nMy main references are Hand of Fate and Slay The Spire, where the game design perfectly handles the repetitiveness of all the plays, despite always playing with the same cards against the same opponents.  \n\n\nSo in my mind I would go into a ""real"" book that the player opens. There would be a class selection, so the player would have to play differently based on its choice. As the main game loop, a random ""encounter"" is chosen and displayed/drawn on the left page, with a basic illustration and some text. Then on the right appear all the choices the player can make, that can vary based on previous choices, chosen character class, owned items, ... When the selection is made, dices are thrown, then the next page turns to display the result. These ""encounters"" are chosen randomly each time the player chooses this book. But there won't be always a ""good"" and a ""wrong"" choice, so the choice to make doesn't depend on the result it gives but on the current situation. At the end, if it's a linear story, player has to go through X encounters, else after getting some requirements, the last ""encounter"" appears automatically.  \n\n\nTo add more content, I would like to add some ""action"" into the game, like Hand of Fate did with the realtime combats. In my case, the camera would go lower on the book, then some models would pop up from it (like with real pop up books) in a paper style (so 2D sprites on top of the 3D book, like in Paper Mario games), but I still don't know what gameplay could fit here (adding cards and go to a Slay the Spire style could work, so the ""characters"" could remain static, but it feels quite easy to go that way).  \n\n\nI also thought about adding a online multiplayer system, where sometimes the choice has to be taken quickly, so the first one taking a decision would actually select the choice. Adding social aspect in RPG games often leads to funny situations, specially when players are going RP.  \n\n\nIdeally, adding also a story creator tool could help bring new content to the game over time, and people would be able to create any story (so not only Heroic Fantasy style), even if I'm afraid it's too much work as many encounters need to be added, the more content there is the more replayability will be added...  \n\n\n What do you think about that ? Feel free to ask any question, I'll try to answer straight to the point."
oi4gn4,A Bomberman-like in full 3D with some RPG elements,"Hello there, I would like to begin a new personal project to improve my skills on Unity 3D, so I would like your opinion/thoughts about an idea I'm thinking about since I replayed some retro Genesis games (in this case Mega Bomberman), I'm still trying to find new ways to improve the main gameplay, so a bit of help would be greatly appreciated !  \n\n\nSo the main base is Bomberman, there are several players in a ""fixed"" area (meaning no camera movement, for readability purpose), and the last survivor wins the game. I would like to go into full 3D (so 3D graphics but also 3D gameplay), like Bomberman 64 did, to take advantage of it and build 3D levels with some relief.  \n\n\nOne thing I'm not sure about is the fact that players can be killed by explosions, I would go more into a ""Smash Bros"" style where the players need to be kicked from the arena. So one explosion pushes the character in the air in a ragdoll style, then after a few time he wakes up and can move again. Maybe in some cases it could be good to explode hisself, like the rocket jump in Team Fortress 2, to go on higher platforms, for example to pick a bonus. Also the overtime could be the arena sides falling into the void little by little.\n\n  \nI would keep rocks or any other obstacle to destroy to seek bonuses, but I would go with various items to not only go with classic bomb amount and bomb explosion radius, for example ice bombs to freeze a player, or walking bombs that seeks the closest player in the arena, or any other common spell we can see in RPG games. The idea is to bring as much gameplay varieties into the game to make the party quite unique every time.  \n\n\nAlso I thought about bringing some life to the arenas, like active arena behaviors to give a bit of randomness, or random NPCs who try to defend their area. The activation of the behaviors would be linked to the explosion amount, or the explosion area, to stick to something immersive.  \n\n\nFinally, to balance a bit the game so it's not only based on skill, passive abilities could be choosen by the first killed player on each play (or 3 skills for the players who lost, the first one to die is the first one to choose which one he wants), to help him survive longer the next game against better players.  \n\n\n What do you think about that ? Feel free to ask any question, I'll try to answer straight to the point."
oi3cvh,Concept of arcade game," \n\nConcept\n\nHello, friends!\n\nI would like to share the concept of a small arcade game for mobile devices, which I recently started working on. I will be glad if there are those who want to read a small description below and say something about what they have read!\n\nThis is a simple arcade session game in which the player will have to control the wind currents with the help of a touchscreen, carrying a small ice crystal across the winter sky, which turns into a beautiful snowflake during the game session. The snowflake is very fragile, so the wind have to blow on it very carefully, otherwise it may break and the game will end. The longer the player manages to keep the snowflake in flight, the more victory points he will get. I want to make a concise and relatively simple game, the purpose of which will be a set of points, but the gameplay will not be limited exclusively to collecting the necessary items for this, as in most similar arcades.\n\n**Theme:** In essence, this is a game about achieving and maintaining balance. The player must score as many points as possible. There are two ways to do this : by creating a beautiful and fragile snowflake that easily breaks in the air flow, but allows you to score points faster, or by creating a not very beautiful, but strong snowflake that will last longer in the atmosphere, but brings less points. I will tell you more about this below, in the section about mechanics.\n\n**Game mechanics:**\n\n**Scoring of points:** From the beginning of the game session, the player begins to receive victory points. The longer the game session lasts, the more victory points he will get. Snowflake falls from top to bottom. If it did not crash from the player's careless actions, the player receives victory points for each unit of time (second) of flight. If it crashes, the game session ends.\n\n**Control of a snowflake:** The player cannot control a snowflake directly by moving it across the screen using a finger movement on the touch screen. Instead, it can create gusts of wind by moving along the touchscreen in the right direction, which affect the snowflake and make it fly to the right place. Or not to fly where you don't need to. At the same time, a very clear control of movements is necessary so that the gust is smooth - too sharp a finger movement on the touchscreen will create a very strong wind that can destroy a snowflake.\n\n**Changing the characteristics of a snowflake:** The snowflake has two conditional characteristics - ""beauty”, which increases the speed of scoring points and ""strength”, which increases the stability of the snowflake before external influences. Increasing the value of one characteristic automatically reduces the value of another. At the same time, the player does not see the values themselves in the form of numbers, the snowflake on the screen only changes visually. If it grows new rays and takes on a more complex shape, the speed of scoring points increases. If the rays become thicker and simpler in shape, the speed of scoring decreases, but the snowflake is better able to withstand sharp gusts of wind.\n\n**Warm and cold zones:** The characteristics of a snowflake change when it hits warm and cold zones on the screen, which are visually marked as clouds of different colors. ""Warm"" clouds increase the characteristic of beauty, and cold clouds increase the characteristic of strength. With the help of wind gusts, the player needs to direct a snowflake into these clouds or bypass them if the player believes that he does not need their effect at the moment.\n\n**Air vortices:** In addition to warm and cold zones, there are air vortices on the screen, which are dangerous by default, and they need to be avoided in any case, because if a snowflake hits them, it can collapse. A snowflake with high strength, however, is able to fly through them for some time, however, not constantly - at some point it will still collapse.\n\n**Random gusts of wind:** In order to push the player to make quick decisions that at the same time require careful movements, there are random gusts of wind in the game. They occur if the player does not do anything for a few seconds and takes a snowflake in a random direction. Such gusts of wind cannot destroy a snowflake by themselves, however, they can drive it into an air vortex or lead it away from the desired trajectory. For example, if a snowflake just fell into the cloud that the player needed, and he waited until it just flew through it.\n\n**References:**\n\nThinking through this concept, I was inspired by mobile games in which control is carried out using a touchscreen, and which often require a quick response to what is happening on the screen and at the same time success depends on the accuracy of the player's movements. These are games like Fruit Ninja, [Hole.io](https://hole.io/) or Twisty road. At the same time, I wanted the player to have the opportunity to choose the tactics of passing the game session. He can rely on reliability and get fewer points in exchange for the fact that the game will forgive him more mistakes or take risks to get more points. Or look for a balance between these two extremes.\n\nThis is my idea, thank you to everyone who took the time to get acquainted with it! I hope you will find something to say about what you have read - I will be glad to receive any feedback."
oi2dol,Cool movement mechanics,Are there any cool movement mechanics that you would like to see in an open world 3d platformer? Maybe mechanics that are linked to some kind of core mechanic?
oi10mw,Rangers apprentice game,"When i was a kid i really liked the rangers apprentice books about will, he becomes an assasin like elite troop that protects the king.\n\nTo prevent the game from just becoming an assasins creed game with a different name i would make it more like a story game where you follow the story of the books while you do the fighting, sneeking and somethimes traveling.\n\nFor all the ones that didn´t read the books:\n[rangers apprentice 1: the ruins of Gorlan](http://www.bookrags.com/studyguide-the-ruins-of-gorlan/#gsc.tab=0)"
ohz48i,Exodus,"STORY: In a futuristic earth in the midst of invasion from an evil galactic takeover group known as the Watchers. A village known as Salazar Village plan a planet exodus (To escape the planet and seek refuge on another world) starting with the assistance of Ethan Creswick, who uses a futuristic super suit and a vast majority of weapons to retrieve enough materials to build A ship to escape earth."
ohxnui,New Game (Wonders Of Fantasy) Android Game,[removed]
ohw0rz,"Forest Ranger ""HOG""","Basically, it's less of a game, as a big open forest you can walk through and enjoy the scenery. The actual gameplay is collection. You hit a key, or right click to take snapshots of animals or birds in the trees, on the ground, or flying (these will be random, and they'll fly/scamper all over, and likely the most difficult bit in the game), collect bugs, stones, seeds, and maybe seashells if you put it near a shore.\n\nEssentially, you're something like a park ranger, or at least someone living in the woods interested in collection. You've got cupboards full of empty jars, and empty photo albums to fill. Any item, or pic of a new animal gets saved (you can swap with better photos if you get one).\n\nThat's just about it. It's a nice peaceful game about enjoying nature, and collecting stuff in your path. The object is to collect everything. No monsters. Nothing to kill."
ohu2wz,A game where you play as a team of androids that pulls off heists.,"So I've gotta give a lot of credit for this idea to the animated short called Blindspot from Netflix's mostly excellent sci-fi anthology Love, Death, and Robots.  The short follows 4 heavily armed robots trying to heist the contents of this train like semi-truck.  As I rewatched this one, it suddenly occurred to me that there was a lot that could be done with this.  I recommend checking it out to see if you see the same potential I do. \n\nThe art direction has a cell shaded, cartoony, and video game-esque type of charm, somewhat reminiscent of something like Borderlands.   I feel like that is the perfect kind of look for something like this.  As for the premise, we are a group of robot super-thieves.  The focus of the short is this rookie character, but I could see swapping through them throughout the campaign (probably even mid-mission, or co-op 4P).  What're we doing?  Pulling off heists to get more money, to get more gear and abilities, to go on bigger heists.  \n\nMechnically, I'm imagining it being a third person game with each character having unique specialties (shooter, brawler, demo, etc.).  I feel like one of the biggest potential opportunities here is that they're chasing a fast moving vehicle.  This should be somewhat of a recurring thing.  To do this, they have these cars with open tops which they can set to autopilot and jump up onto the train.  Gameplaywise, this could have some interesting opportunities.  \n\nImagine summoning your car to quickly escape a near death situation by retreating behind your teammates.  Imagine being able to give your car quick little commands which improve the odds for you.  For example, you could tell it to position on the right side of the rail car you're on top of and bump into it.  If you combine that with the character doing it having the ability to anchor himself to the roof, it might send guards who are shooting at you flying off while you remain in place.  You could also work in more ""augmented reality"" abilities, like locking onto someone in your line of site, and it's the car that shoots a missile at that reticle. You might even be able to perform team vehicle attacks which do things like set trip wires or spike traps.  \n\nThe first several missions should either be ground or car chase based.  Eventually though, with enough money earned, I think purchasing single rider water and air vehicles could add new dimensions of complexity and variety.  I also like the idea of a respawn system where you don't fail a mission until all 4 characters die, but you don't get that character back until you fail or quit.    \n\nI've thought a bit about a story too, if anyone cares.  I feel like it could be interesting if it's never really addressed where they came from or how they were created or anything for a long time.  It's just merc buds havin a good time.  Then, second or third act, all the money they've heisted is stolen from them by someone.  Turns out it's the creator, of course.  He made robots that could heist for him to insulate himself from risk, and his plan was always to kick back, monitor them, and take their pile when the time was right.  So, naturally, ya rally together, and go on a mission to kill dad."
ohsfz2,Fighting Super intelligent evil Dinosaurs in Prehistoric times with futuristic laser weapons from a highly advanced Venus.,"Long ago before time began, the Venusians ruled the solar system on their sunset ringed planet. \n\nIn all their wonder and creation, they had slowed their plant’s day cycle to a 1/3 of solar year. They knew that it wouldn’t be long for their world to go through catastrophic climate collapse, and bring forth their own extinction. \n\nFire and ice encircled their world as they escaped towards a new planet, Earth. This planet was ruled by another species known as the Dinosaurs who wanted nothing more than to claim their place as kings of the soul star, a magic crystal in the middle of our solar system(Sol) they believed was the source of all life and power, that the Venusians used to give themselves magic.\n\nAs the Venusians landed on earth, they were betrayed by their subjects. Instead of offering them shelter as refugees, the Dinosaurs began to kill as many as they could. They meant to destroy the Venusians and finish their extinction. \n\nThe Venusians took up arms against the Dinosaurs, and that is the premise of the game.\n\n- You play as a Venusian Survivor\n\n- the setting is prehistoric jungle in epically big proportions. \n\n- all the enemies are gigantic and absolutely terrifying. Like, piss your pants terrifying. They are bigger than you, stronger than you, and faster than you without your technology.\n\n- your technology makes you a demigod, you are superhuman. Able to run and jump faster and stronger than any human ever could with cybernetic robot parts. \n\n- your lasers weapons go pew pew, but in a very loud terrifying way. Your weaponry is like electricity on steroids, as is all very bright lasers and plasma.\n\n- as the dinosaurs can kill you in one shot, so can you with one or two on them, but there are a lot more of them. You are always outnumbered and on your toes, blasting and running as fast as you can to the end of the level. \n\n- the end of the level is the goal. You want to reach it in order to survive, but hidden side objectives would be hidden along the way at greater difficulty to get but could alter the story in small ways(which side characters survive).\n\n- multiple endings based on how you played through the story, each one offering a different level of happy ending to unhappy ending. in either case, humanity survives by someone blowing up a Super-Nuke that has the explosive potential of an asteroid hitting earth. Final level involves fighting through hell on earth, similar to the Venus Home-world, but recoverable. Except for the Dinosaurs that get wiped out.\n\n- all weapons are bright and shiny tech in an otherwise horrifying and dark landscape. \n\n- The Animals that the Venusians brought with them look mythical, like unicorns and gryphons, and there could be an epic boss fight against a giant red dragon while riding a unicorn and shooting laser beams that go PEEEOWMZzzzz! \n\n- and the leader of the Dinosaurs are the Dragons. Dragons are absolutely the main antagonist to the game I’ve just now decided. They’re the Lords of the Dinosaurs, the masterminds behind the plot to overthrow the Venusians. \n\n- the Venusians look like robotic angels, because of course they do. Get a real hell VS heaven vibe in there. Good vs evil. \n\n- upgradeable kit and armour\n\n- interesting game mechanic, but you could always have a couple NPC teammates with you that you can also upgrade and lose in the story. \n\n- epic 80’s style synth music similar to Farcry 3 Blood Dragon. TWRP would probably rock it and be my first choice. \n\nI just smoke a bowl of Cannabis about a half hour ago so I hope this is coherent, but that would be my dream game. \n\nA Sci-fi shooter in a story driven narrative similar to the first 3 Halo’s but with upgrades and progression to yourself and your kit along the way, with interesting side characters(or pets) the player will connect with and not want to lose.\n\n—-\n\nOn an unrelated note, i love Farcry 3 Blood dragon. Anyone who’s ever played that game knows exactly the kind of setting I want lol"
ohs1gi,Pet Sim + Procedural Survival,"In this game, you play as a robot whose goal is to raise cute, fuzzy aliens. You have landed on a new planet with these aliens in eggs. You must prepare their home, allow them to hatch, and then keep them alive and happy. To do this, you collect resources, build structures, and construct other robots to help you with this task.\n\nThe player themselves is immortal and is able to survive just about anything -- but the aliens you are raising are squishy, fragile and quite dumb. They do pretty much what they want and might end up getting into hijinks or dying. There are hostile monsters on this world which would like to eat them as well.\n\nThe aliens are cute, and very individualized. Perhaps they look something like furbies. They have special coats, different colored eyes, make different noises, and have different ""personality types."" The player can name them. Eventually they grow up and lay eggs of their own, and then ""fly away"" as adults, perhaps even growing wings.\n\nThe robots/systems you build to keep your alien colony alive are quite simple -- either mining or moving resources, acting as defense or alarms, or fulfilling the specific need of the alien creatures. Think something like Factorio in terms of the kinds of components you hook together."
ohrdmv,Dual narrative ww2 dream,"It's literally a dream, I don't expect anyone to really take any inspiration from this, I just want to see how the idea will do.\nGameplay:\nBasically, its like an optional multiplayer campaign or you can play as a solo campaign, but it's you design and customise from like 1 to 4 or something characters(soldiers) and their loud outs, and each time you die that character dies and you have to choose another character in multiplayer, and in solo your entire squad  plays(as AI) and you can switch person before missions, so you can have different loud outs. I'd imagine you'd have to water down the difficulty a bit and have regular healing points and refill points, and it'd be a bit like Republic commando where you can direct squad mates.\nSetting:\nSo the setting would be for campaign one would be an allied story where its either French or Polish resistance and I don't mean to seem ignorant in just mixing them but I really can't decide. Anyway it'd be guerilla warfare, like stealth and blowing up bridges/assassinating important figures or destroying people and if you break the stealth than you'd have to deal with repercussions like going underground or getting parachuted out, or you could have the alternative of running of with guns or money shipped in and going on the run from the allies and the axis. For campaign 2 you are part of the elite trained chinese NRA 88th division. You are no one, you are just a regular private and it would make sure you can't kill an entire Japanese division and you have to keep cover or die. This would have the option of betraying but eventually in 1945 you are shamed and probably hung or desert where you have to go on the run. Campaign 3 is an axis perspective, a bit like the last tiger from battlefield 5 and you go from the start of d day starting to see Normandy fall and then capturing the desperate feeling of the German people of Berlin in 1945. Once again desertion option. Each campaign needs a new set of soldiers. \nPlease don't take this seriously, Im just spit balling here. It would be based as much as I can on real life operations and missions I'd try to make it personal."
ohn89d,A battle royale but it is 50 V 50,There is 11 minutes\n\nTo build a bass\n\n\n———\n\nSome people will have to go out and find vehicles\n\nAnd bring them back to the base\n\n\n——\n\nYou can attack people inside of the 11 minutes if you are outside of your base\n\n\n———\n\nIf you select a certain areas that will\n\nBecome your base\n\nThere will be one team captain\n\nAnd he can do this\n\nBut if he doesn’t do it with in seven minutes\n\nSomeone else can do it\n\n\n———\n\nAlso there are five nukes in the map\n\nThey have to find them A.k.a. your team but you don’t need all them to drop one\n\nYou can drop a nuke when the 11 minutes is up\n\nBut you can only drop one from the area that you found it at\n\nThe nuke will not explode\n\nIf you decide it’s a good idea to drop one on your base\n\n——
ohj3kz,Horror game that pits players against mutant hippies in the Southern California desert.,"Won't get much into the lore I have in mind but to put it simply :: 60s Hippie Movement -&gt; Manson Family Type Shit -&gt; Drug Experimentation Gone Wrong -&gt; Hills Have Eyes\n\nThe gameplay should be very 'pick up and play.' You start a game, you have a cast of 6 characters (who may or may not all be part of or roadies for a touring rock band) each have a unique ability to help you escape or defeat this cult. A character dies, they're dead. You can still progress but it is more difficult without the deceased characters' abilities. Key items, map layout, and cult member appearances are randomized each time you play.\n\nStory is limited. Players may find bits of lore throughout the world but I don't want cutscenes to break up the casualness of the experience. Also weapons are scarcely available and serve so the player can defend against 'followers' of the cult family who do not possess the mutant strength the core members of the cult possess. The violence in gamw would have to be tiptoeing the limits to give it that 70s grindhouse feel.\n\nMultiple ways out. Escape or find a way to kill this hippie cult. \n\nTL;DR - Rob Zombie + RE7 + Dark Pictures Anthology"
olct8n,Looking for a developer to join as partner,"As the title says, we are looking to partner up with a unity developer to develop a business simulation game for the NS, and PC. We are a start-up making and selling switch accessories and want to get into gaming. \nDM me for more info."
olbvka,"A horror game, I can finish in a few days","I’m a proficient 3D modeler and coder but honestly I’ve got way too many half finished projects, I wanna go back and do a lot. But I need to scratch this itch, I love horror games I’ve never made one \n\nIf you guys have ideas on setting or mechanics to help keep it small scale but still fun, I’d like to hear, I’m already brainstorming"
olan48,"An endless traffic racer like game, but destruction based",Like rather than dodging cars you can hit them and you get bonus points for doing reckless things!
ol8s2o,Balding Simulator,"**Balding Simulator**\n\n*A survival horror game*\n\nA day like any other in a quiet street of anytown, USA.  Suddenly, a scream echoes out - our hero (the player) has discovered hair on his pillow.. He has… *Started to go Bald!!*\n\nAnd so the game begins.  You are presented with a rear view of the main characters head, and a few options as to how to progress.  Your goal in this game:  To keep from going bald at any cost!  This game simulates the real experience of losing your hair, and all the ridiculous paths one might take in prolonging, preventing or even reversing the process.\n\nYou have money which you can spend in game and more options which become available as you progress.  The game is a battle against the clock as you must keep on a strict schedule depending on the path you take.  Very similar to Papers Please, the rules of the game evolve and expand and it’s up to the player to keep track of everything.  This is an economy game, and you must balance both your time and money\n\nIn game options\n\nExample, if early on in the game you choose to buy Rogaine, you must apply it twice a day between specific hours, and be advised that it will not take effect until 6 months of in-game use.\n\nLikewise, if you choose to take propecia, you  must take the medicine once a day - and this medicine is very expensive.\n\nOr you could save up your money for hair plugs, but you must also invest in hats to wear before your surgery\n\nYou could volunteer for highly controversial experimental gene therapy\n\nThe options get more ludicrous as you progress."
ol8gs6,Pipe and Ball: A game of friendship and courage!,"They liked my idea over on r/indiegames and encouraged me to post it here.\n\nThis is **PIPE AND BALL**, a game that (not joking) was presented to me by my late mentor in a dream.\n\nIt's a platforming puzzler where you take control of two exotic creatures: One is **BALL**, a lightweight character who can move freely but not inflict much damage, and **PIPE**, a heavier character who can't move on his own but can proper material through himself.  At first our two heroes don't like each other but as they progress through the world and learn to work together they become friends and an unstoppable force for good!\n\nA platform-puzzler using realtime 2D physics and 1 or two finger input.  See the drawings and game doc here:\n\n[https://docs.google.com/document/d/10N8KfHdH7SlTiAhrLDIo2AWwc0O5o3jKiyztiP2iRG4/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10N8KfHdH7SlTiAhrLDIo2AWwc0O5o3jKiyztiP2iRG4/edit?usp=sharing)\n\nI'm a filmmaker by trade and don't have the experience or resources to program and sell a cross-platform game myself (I'm thinking mobile), *However*, I **can** provide all artwork, animation, video and marketing materials as I'm very experienced in that. \n\nI'm missing two key members to make this happen - who may in fact be the same person.  Someone with experience in developing for mobile, and someone with experience in game sales strategy.  Should I find these people then I'm confident enough in the idea to self finance the project.  Thanks for checking it out - I hope you like it."
ol7k9n,Game idea: A story told through a typing test,I was doing some typing tests and I thought of this. \n\nBasically you would be typing out a story through something like a typing test. You could probably do a lot with this kind of idea. Maybe add some effects at certain times in the story or actually show what’s going on and have you go through it by typing.
ol7g2x,Game idea: A story told through a typing test (not the title of the game),I was doing some typing tests and I thought of this. \n\nBasically you would be typing out a story through something like a typing test. You could probably do a lot with this kind of idea. Maybe add some effects at certain times in the story or actually show what’s going on and have you go through it by typing.
ol7e0y,Game idea: A story told through a typing test (not the title of the game ),I was doing some typing tests and I thought of this. \n\nBasically you would be typing out a story through something like a typing test. You could probably do a lot with this kind of idea. Maybe add some effects at certain times in the story or actually show what’s going on and have you go through it by typing.
ol5f0b,Real Murder Mystery Game,"If something like this has been done plz tell me.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe game would be something like Town of Salem/Hitman/Among Us ig. I played the demo for a hitman game the other day and I loved the whole idea of assassinating people and hiding their bodies and covering up your tracks and stuff and I think a mechanic like that would work really well in a multiplayer murder mystery game.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo the game can be played with up to 10 players. There is 1 murderer and 1 detective (this can vary depending on the gameplay itself but those would be the two roles). The players will be put into an enclosed area, pretty big so there's room to explore and stuff. Each player will be given a unique objective/mystery to solve on their own to keep them busy. There isn't any pause or meeting room or anything, the game doesn't stop until someone wins.\n\nThe detective is an anonymous role who doesn't know anyone else's role. They will have a journal or whatever with the clothing and stuff of each player as well as their blood type and fingerprint. Throughout the game you will end up opening doors and stuff (so no gloves are allowed), and your fingerprints will be left on them for the detective to scan or whatever, the murderer has a use for this too but we'll get to that. The journal is something the detective can write in, whatever notes they want such as where a certain player was, etc. They can share this journal with other players if they want, but they must be careful because if the murderer reads it then they automatically get a copy of it that will update the next time the detective lets them read it. The role of the detective is to kill the murderer, they are not given a weapon but instead must find one, this is explained later. But they must be careful bc if they choose wrong then they lose their detective role and it'll be given to someone else randomly.\n\nBut the importance of the detective role is that you are immune to the murderer. The murderer's job is to kill everyone. They know who the detective is and are not allowed to kill them until all other players are dead, then it's a 1v1. The murderer has a map of the area with all its secret entrances and pathways and stuff. They are not given a weapon, but instead must find them throughout the map. Only the murderer and detective can pick them up but they can be found by everyone else. So the murder must find weapons and kill the players. They must hide the bodies and destroy all pieces of evidence, fingerprints they left behind or blood on their clothes and stuff. But the murderer also has the ability to gather fingerprints and blood to use them to try and accuse someone else.\n\nThe murderer will be posed as a common player (with no role).. They can twist stories around by taking a player's fingerprint from door handles and place them on weapons, or sneakily drop the victim's blood on another player to make the detective notice. They can also do this to twist the common players against the detective, since the murderer knows who they are. Each area will have a voting room or something where every 5 minutes a countdown starts for players to vote. Once the 5 minutes is over the voting poll restarts. Depending on how many players are alive, at least half of the players must vote for someone to be kicked out. But voting is completely optional so you would have to get substantial evidence to get half of the group to vote someone out. Anyone can walk in and vote at anytime and the voting is public, so other players will see who you voted for.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI know this is pretty long but I hope it makes sense and sounds like a good idea. If you have any questions please ask and I'll try to come up with an answer."
ol4uqw,Clock Stoppers - A card game where time progresses in a cycle. Different cards have different effects at different times of day.,"Morning, Noon, Evening, Night and Midnight would be the five stages on the cycle, one each round before it repeats."
ol4evp,Republic Commando style Bad Batch tactical team-based first-person shooter set in the Clone Wars,"I remember loving Republic Commando, and I hope they would make a spiritual sequel to that game. Not a reboot or remake, not even a direct sequel, but a spiritual sequel starring different characters and locations.\n\nWith the release of the Bad Batch show, I hope Lucasfilm would make an FPS game based on the cast set in the Clone Wars era when the team went on doing various missions. Because each individual teammate is different, it would make a great asymmetric co-op tactical shooter. \n\nFor example, Hunter is the leader who assigns what to do. Wrecker is the strong man type who can take more damage, great at close-quarter combat. He can bring heavy objects and throw at the droids. Tech is the guy who hacks things, like hacking the enemy turrets to turn against the enemies, opening the door, etc. Crosshair is the long-ranged type who snipes the enemies in a distance. You get the potential for a great 4 player co-op game."
ol3jm4,A free roam world murder mystery bass game that makes you build a team to stop the murderer and explore the map to achieve these goals,Players will spawn in different areas of the maps and play as different characters\n\nThere are prisoners cops two murderers One murderer kidnaps people and takes them to his facility\nWhere he tortures them and forces them to run and hide\n\nAnd there’s one murderer who just explores the map and looks for people to kill\n\nThe prisoners can work with the murderer if they escape or if a murderer helps them escape to join their team\n\nThere are innocent who can become cops to track down the two murderers and kill them and arrest all of the murderers team\n\nThe places on the map you can visit\n\nAre whoever the person makes the game \nI want someone Who reads this game idea Who likes this idea to make the game and to decide all the areas you can go to to track down the murderer and kill him both of them
okyxho,GAME IDEA : BIG PROJECT! SURVIVAL,"**Hello!** (Sorry for my English, but I am European) I had this **game idea** in my head for a couple of days now, and I was wondering if I could give this to someone or some people that would make it **real.** The game would be based on real survival in nature. A multiplayer survival videogame. You would start the game with a small tutorial, and then you would need to select a class, like Mammals, Insects, and Fish. Every gameplay would be different. Then you choose which species you want to be. Every species has unique and different advantages. To get a better idea, I will leave down below a couple of links to some videos on youtube, posted by u/TierZoo. He tiers species in an S, A, B, C, D, E, F list from the most overpowered to the most useless. You can get the idea if you wrap your hand around it. Anyway, let's get back to the idea. \n\n**-INSECTS-**\n\n(Low eyesight distance)\n\n\-If you chose the insects, you select a species, Maybe ants. Very powerful in teams, acid spray, powerful damage, small mobility, stealth, etc. \n\nOr you could choose hornets. High mobility, high damage, not very good at fighting terrain species, but good for defenseless insects or others. Overhaul, the hornet is very defensive. \n\n**The bees** are doing a lot of work. Good fighting aerial insects, they have very good sources of food and good defense. The work would be exhausting tho.\n\n**Butterflies**. Very low on defense, hunted down by aerial insects, but easy food. Very high mobility, good for dodging.\n\n**-MAMMALS-**\n\n(High Damage)\n\n\-If you chose **mammals**, you select a high variety of species.\n\n**Monkeys** good known for their intelligence, easy source of food, live in groups, very social, good climbers, good for escaping other threats\n\n**Bears** are very good at attacks, deal lots of damage, have high defense, low mobility, variety of ways to eat. Most of the time they live alone, so if he gets caught by a pack of wolves, he is done.\n\n**Wolves** live in packs, are very social, have a lot of damage, mobility, low defense, stealth, good eyesight, etc.\n\n**Cats** are very good at mobility and stealth, catching birds, mouses, fish, etc. Also low damage, but good eyesight.\n\n**Birds** like hawks, pelicans, owls, sparrows, etc have good eyesight, a variety of ways to hunt down prey, high aerial hunters, very fast, low stealth, low health, low mobility on the ground, vulnerable while they sleep, always in need of a shelter.\n\nThis is all I have time to write, but I hope you got the idea and someone could definitely make this game. Also when you kill enemies, you get XP to unlock other perks like Bears eating honey, ants spraying with acid, better stats, etc. Also thanks for reading this. If you are deciding to do this big project, please keep me updated. Here are the links from u/TierZOO's channel: \n\n\-YOUTUBE PAGE: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHsRtomD4twRf5WVHHk-cMw\n\n\-FELINE TIER LIST:\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROPTP0yyroA\n\n\-FISH TIER LIST:\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFMkZ1nHcWo\n\n\-STORY HOW HUMANS ARE TOO OP:\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJzJtm7OfdQ&amp;t=429s\n\nThanks! Good luck! Hope my essay is worth something! Again, sorry for my English! I recommend trying and do this along with a team because this is a very big and hard company that most likely a videogame company could make this. Have a nice day!"
okx4j3,Hungry Shark but its battle royale,"Basically agar.io but everyone is spread out on a large play space, feeding on smaller fish or humans to grow bigger - Feeding Frenzy style\n\nAbilities such as dashes being able to be unlocked with points earned from growing specific sizes (basically choosing a skill or talents). This ensures there’s strategy for each run and some replayability"
okwrce,Stardew and Yomawari: A Japanese Farming Sim ?? pls help,"Hi everybody, firstly I'd like to preface this by saying im very stoned right now so if there are things that are too vague or just confusing and hard to follow.... I'm sorry. \n\nIt's also my first time here so if I chose the wrong flair, again, I am sorry.\n\nSO imagine: typical farming sim a la Stardew Valley, Sun Haven (new and so far liking it a lot), Harvest Moon-- but I want it to be the Japanese countryside.  little darker of a tone, maybe more somber is the right word? The slimes are oni, the leafers are japanese folktale yokai.  Still otherwise totally the same farming aspect, just yknow more emphasis on rice instead of wheat, idk if the indigenous livestock of Japan are different than the cows and pigs we have , I also think it could be an easy way to make the ""grandfather who passed this farm down to you"" into a fun secondary quest, like how Stardew did but I know in Japan they consider the deceased a bit more, and other region-specific things. Still a diverse cast of town/village (idk which we would call it) people to become friends with, flirt and marry. \n\nAlso want to say that um, if any of this is like, inappropriate of me to say, as a non-Japanese person, I'm super sorry and I don't mean any like, harm, so tell me. I'm just a fan of games like the ones mentioned above, and also want more games like Yomawari so this seems like a cool combo."
okwpga,Open world pac-man,"**Object:** collect all points and get the key to go to the next level\n\n\n**Map:** from smallest to biggest (but not gta big)\n\n\n**Enemies:** \n\n\nGhosts: you die when they touch you. Bigger map, more ghosts\n\n\nRegular enemies that you have to fight to get points or the key\n\n\n**Other items**: weapons that you can carry to next level, ghost paralizer"
okv7s1,I have an idea,So i wanted to make a minecraft and fallout inspired game where the usa launches a nuclear campaign in North Korea escalating the korean war into a nuclear war the main storyline follows a man with his robot as they both try to get to Mexico where civilization still exists\nThings you can do in this game\nThere are a total of 8 bosses 5 of which have to be encountered and killed to finish the game\nThere are abandoned buildings that have components to make vehicles with weapons and other stuff in them \nThere are many mobs and other stuff in the game\nSo um thats my idea dont expect this game to come out any time soon because i am still pretty new to developing this game would probably come out by 2031 or something idk
okorkh,Hello colleagues! I want to share my concept with you. Leave your feedback if you are interested in this idea and have something to say.,[removed]
okokpy,Hello colleagues! I want to share my concept with you. Leave your feedback if you are interested in this idea and have something to say.,[removed]
okmor1,Game idea concept : Balance,Need a story for a game mechanic where a person has to avoid obstacles while balancing on narrow ledges. Would like to hear any and all suggestions.\n\n https://imgur.com/0z5UD6K
okl2my,A racing game version of FIFA,"Imagine a big licensed game with the same concept of fifa (hear me out) it has F1, F2, F3, IndyCar, WEC, Formula E, Karting etc etc. And the leagues are like FIFA, F1 is the Premier League, IndyCar is La liga etc. Transfers can happen. You can manage teams, player career starting in karting would be amazing I think (will never happen unfortunately) but would be sick eSports racing would be easy to do as it would all be in the same place as well as that there would be much more variety, you could go for the triple crown, you could have a multi year career like Fernando Alonso where you try to win everything everywhere. Also to add on there could be a massive player/driver database so you could manage your favourite team in your favourite series with your favourite drivers. You could make Pato O’Ward at McLaren in F1 happen you could make up for lost time by maybe giving Wehrlein that Mercedes seat he never got or even sign your favourite young driver like Logan Sargeant to your team you currently manage like Penske to their young driver academy? All I know is some of these companies have the money for the licensing. But whether this game could work or if it could happen is very doubtful"
okken2,The Injustice Of Human Evolution,"Story:\nThis story acts as a world war III in the far future. Technology has grown in the year 3061, cars fly, nuclear weapons have improved and are bigger and better, and Exo-suits shield soldiers from the depths of deep war. America’s Conflict with Russia Continues as it breaks the world apart. A soldier in the US Army named Private Joseph Walker and his team are killed in a forest in Russia. Joseph survives and wakes up after The US Army’s Surrender. He plans an idea to destroy the Krovendofh and kill general Aleksei Ivanov. Resulting in America’s victory and the fall of the Russian Federation.\n\nGameplay:\nThe game is a first person shooter set in Russia. The character scavenges weapons from weapon crates, finishing missions, spending Ruble or scavenging from dead soldiers. You can perform silent takedowns or lead a gunfight. You have a notoriety bar, if your bar reaches the top, your will immediately die. Avoid gunfights and high profile actions to lower your notoriety. You can also pay a gossiper to lower it. Your notoriety forces you to use shadows and protective cover to your advantage. You also have an Exo-suit which must be repaired at the start of the game, it let’s you double jump, climb higher, swim faster and increases your stealth. “Field mods” let’s you modify your weapons and add attachments while on missions. You can receive attachments from looting corpses and chests. The sights of russia are dark and gloomy due to the explosion of the sun (which was repelled by advanced human technology named “The amplifier”, that captured the radiation and sent it away)."
okh7pv,Question.,Is there any idea  from here that takes off into a final product game?
okf0j4,Manhunt but it's a battle royale,Basically 100 people lurking about in the shadows trying to take eachother out. It would have a focus on stealth and players could set traps and create diversions. Battle royale games have these tense moments (like hiding in a room listening to the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs)  so that could play out well in a horror game. Spectators could vote on what sections of the map close off next or where traps and loot will be.
okcxnh,How to make playing merchant not too boring in a RP game,"Basically, i'm planning to do a game where ""you can do anything"", i know, cliche and sounds impossible, but i'm studying the idea for the past few years so i kinda have an idea on how to make this work, but there is something i'm not finding much of a solution which is basically, jobs that are unrelated to combat and need npc interaction.\n\nLike, a lumberjack or a miner can just do it's job and bring back the resources to either craft things or sell them, but what would something like a merchant do? for context basically the idea of the game is that you're basically like any other npc in a medieval fantasy setting, and anything you do can affect their lives, so you can for example kill someone and put the knife on another npc's house so the detective can find it there and put him in prison, or you can seduce a married woman and make her cheat on her husband, so she either dumps him or she discovers and tries to kill you both, things like that.\n\nSo things that can be actively done by the player are easy to think and design, like combat, mining, crafting, selling, talking etc... but how would roleplaying as a merchant or someone that sell services work? staying at one place and waiting for a npc to come to you to buy your things would probably be very boring, if you are like a mercenary, what would you do if no one needs you for a long time?  \nI thought about maybe just you putting items on a showcase and npcs take them and pay, but that would break the immersion since by logic they could just take the items away and not pay, maybe you could hire someone to do the job of staying there and sell things, but that defeats the porpuse of you ""being able to do anything"""
okbrx4,Dishonored style stealth assassin game with the freerunning movement of Mirror's Edge,"\nI think one of the unappealing aspects of the stealth genre to the mass audience is the player movement. In most stealth games, the player character controls slow, sluggish, and restrictive. The sneaking involves constant waiting and patience, with the player approaching deliberately to the guard's behind, or staying in the corners until the alert is gone. For the experienced players, this is the enjoyment. For the casual audience, this is a bore.\n\nI believe the early Assassin's Creed games had the potentials to remedy this old genre quirk and explore the new type of stealth, but the goal of the series was hindered by many other conventional video game elements, like the dull tailing missions that force the player to walk around someone for five minutes, the crowd stealth, combat so easy that the player can kill everyone in the surrounding area, and a lot of hiding. They block the pure joy of the acrobatic stealth. Dishonored aimed to be the ""fast Thief"" but it still followed the old stealth genre conventions. Both games require little skill to execute parkour moves since the platforming gameplay is mostly automated. \n\nBecause of this, a stealth assassin game with the player movement and the level design of Mirror's Edge can work. Mirror's Edge games have the most immersive, elaborate, and rewarding platforming gameplay, but the rest of the gameplay outside of this core control movest has been weak. The first game was a highly scripted, railroaded A to B experience hindered by the narrative, QTEs, and the restrictive level design. Catalyst was the full openworld filled with unnecessary RPG elements that seemed as if only there because the developers were concerned with what focus-tested well.\n\nImagine the first-person freerunning platforming game, in which the player does not need to hide but has to move constantly. The player's footsteps do not make noise, which encourages the player to always run even when the guards are nearby. You get wide, vertical, interconnected levels where the target is, just like the player, is a runner, who is surrounded with guards and other various obstacles. The player has the knife, which means the player has to get very close to the target to assassinate, but there will be no combat system against the guards. Some guards are the gun-wielding types who are slow and generally stationary. Some are the runners with melee weapons just like the player. During the undetected state, the player can perform takedowns through kicks and jumps without these moves being locked-on animations that take seconds. When detected, the player can shake away the alert mode by outrunning them or has to chase after the target. It focuses on the simple gameplay of the fast, liberating platforming working together with the light stealth gameplay, which can create an emergent experience."
ok9t1i,Augmented Reality board games with online multiplayer.,"AR board games that can be played anywhere with anyone at anytime. Available for mobile devices with possible plans for AR glasses. Currently developing a prototype with plans for multiple board games implemented in future. The first game is similar to ""Risk"" in a more post apocalyptic future. Instead of physical tokens, gameboard and dice, 3D models are used in thier place. 3d dice roll mechanics with battles scenes of firefights and explosions. Selectable menus that float in the physical world. Reach out with your hand and select the different territories to interact with, whether its for information, deploying troops or attacking. Play with up to 6 friends worldwide. ... All input is welcome, Thank you."
ok9px6,Augmented Reality board games with online multiplayer.,"AR board games that can be played anywhere with anyone at anytime. Available for mobile devices with possible plans for AR glasses. Currently developing a prototype with plans for multiple board games implemented in future. The first game is similar to ""Risk"" in a more post apocalyptic future. Instead of physical tokens, gameboard and dice, 3D models are used in thier place. 3d dice roll mechanics with battles scenes of firefights and explosions. Selectable menus that float in the physical world. Reach out with your hand and select the different territories to interact with, whether its for information, deploying troops or attacking. Play with up to 6 friends worldwide. ... All input is welcome, Thank you."
ok78ip,Dieselpunk-tech Fantasy Noir setting with Fire Emblem/XCOM tactical RPG combat and Yakuza closed open-world/hubworld.,"This is a bit of a crazy idea, so bare with me.\n\n**Premise**\n\n\-Set in a [Standard Fantasy Setting](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/StandardFantasySetting) that's undergone a technological revolution and advanced from a late Middle Ages tech level to a 1920s-like technological revolution, with a lot of blending in between. Knights, cavalry and mages exist alongside tanks, automobiles and machinery, and all of it ties to the blood of the planet, Seithirium, the root of all magic and noted for a glowing blue hue.\n\n**Lore &amp; Story**\n\n\-All humanoid races (races derived from humans) consist of humans, elves, dwarves and orcs, and all are genetic offshoots of humanity due to Seithirium mutation and evolution. There exists three races of beastmen (one lynx folk race, one barn owl folk race, and one harp seal folk race) as well.\n\n\-Magic is largely feared and oppressed in society, and a secret organization within the equivalent of the Catholic Church is basically Knights Templar Meets SCP Foundation, and is tasked with protecting the world from ""aberrations,"" supernatural beings who spawn from the collective unconsciousness and its darkest fears. As a side note, mages are routinely enslaved in many cultures, and are the common scapegoat for any supernatural horrors.\n\n\-Setting mission statement is to burn the fantasy warehouse down, subverting and playing with a variety of tropes while exploring the logical conclusion of a medieval society rapidly evolving into a modern one. The setting uses the fantasy world as a baseline for a variety of inspiration from pulp and era-appropriate fiction, with the threat of world wars, smuggling and lost ruins aplenty. Neon-laden taverns and primitive casinos exist in a contrast of medieval buildings with modern trappings, all kings remain in absolute power with radical talk of communism, fascism, socialism and democracy in whispers amid a rapidly changing time period. Instead of focusing on typical fantasy quests, story takes place exclusively within a rapidly changing metropolis city in Not!Denmark called Helsingor that is home to many different criminal gangs and a strong noir vibe.\n\n\-Central theme is the omnipresent nature of change; changing times, old ways becoming invalidated, and the gradual transition from the innocence of an unlearned world to that of a learned one. However, that isn't to say that hatred doesn't ultimately cause as many problems if not more than turbulence. Much of the conflict is likewise driven by ideologies who can (and in some instances, do) destroy more than they create due to hatred, and how the only way to truly push forward a better, enlightened world is to respond with compassion, wisdom and empathy. Despite how grim the world generally can be, the tone on the [Sliding Scale of Idealism vs. Cynicism](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/SlidingScaleOfIdealismVersusCynicism) is thoroughly optimistic in general instance as the times are truly changing for the better, and how love can be the most powerful force of all, regardless of the particular instances (platonic love, romantic love, sibling love, mad love), and how it overcoming hatred is of the utmost importance.\n\n\-Game features an ensemble cast with a customizable Avatar (read: the newer Fire Emblem games' Avatar) at the helm who is customizable in species, gender and class akin to a BioWare game, and they can form a relationship with one of 22 of your fellow major party members. They also start the game by making a pact with a greater aberration to gain full control of time in exchange for acting as a ""warden"" of time, to keep the timeline on it's better course. Implications this has are listed below in gameplay.\n\n\-Biggest inspirations story-wise is Eberron, Valkyria Chronicles, Baccano!, Empire of Sin (except, y'know, actually *good)*, Fire Emblem: Three Houses and just about every crime noir film of the 1940s.\n\n**Gameplay**\n\n\-Gameplay is largely best summarized as a triad fusion of Fire Emblem: Three Houses, XCOM and Yakuza 0. Combat proceeds in a diagonal square-based system with options for melee and range akin to Fire Emblem: Three Houses and ranged weapon distance, overwatch system and general difficulty of XCOM. Outside of combat (which you only engage in by going on Missions; generally speaking, each playthrough can be completely different from another based on the order you do things), there is a Yakuza-like small open-world hubworld with a variety of different minigames and activities to partake in (pool, gambling (poker, blackjack, slots, roulette, baccarat), boxing fight clubs, item delivery, batting cages (as era appropriate as it'd can be, of course), go-kart racing akin to Mario Kart, mini-golf, etc...). Obviously, I intend to focus on making sure the main meat (the tactical combat and the hubworld to restock on weapons and items) is immaculate, afterwards I'd direct focus to the minigames to prevent distraction.\n\n\-Game has some form of permadeath in it, on two levels; the 22 main characters you have are ""Hero Units,"" who cannot die on the battlefield normally, and a variety of different grunts that you can customize and develop freely (as Hero Units are fixed) called Grunt Units, who can die on the field. Hero Units can die at one of five points in the story; during each of the five Acts, there's a massive mission where you have to assign roles to Hero Units akin to ME2's suicide mission, and them being put in a role they're not optimal in will result in their death (and to prevent frustration, you can retry at any time in all modes but ironman, and you are given a spreadsheet for what they're best at). Them dying massively influences the overall plot and the others' reaction to their deaths.\n\n\-You can build relationships between yourself and the characters or between the characters in a Support-like mechanic. Anyone can support with anyone, but only Hero Unit/Hero Unit supports have unique dialogue, and Hero Unit/Grunt Unit or Grunt/Grunt supports have a generic line and allows the player to imagine the details of their personality. This socialization element has some dating sim elements, but can only be done on the hub world and can be freely ignored otherwise. Each support has five ranks, Rank E to Rank A, though in rare circumstances that the group is romantically or platonically pairable, you can go for a Rank A+, which gives them a unique ending in the epilogue.\n\n\-New weapons, armor and spells are developed based on progress and ""investments"" (the game's research mechanic, which has a short day-by-day cooldown based on how big the investment is). There's also some small strategy elements where you can help get protection rackets from local businesses to get regular income between (and outside of) battles, so you can expand your local empire in ways to benefit yourself.\n\n\-Finally, the game lets you have the ability to rewind in time to redo events or plays that don't work out well; the game's difficulty doesn't start with a high number of these rewinds (a la Mila's Turntable), but investments can increase the number of resets you have to help complete your game.\n\n\-The game also, outside of supports, which are largely fixed, has a pretty random element that ensures massive replayability; different types of sidequests can manifest as well as unique missions and events, as well as randomly-generated missions outside of story missions.\n\n**TL;DR**\n\nA noir-ish ""Diesel Fantasy"" tactical RPG with social elements and a fusion of Yakuza, XCOM and Fire Emblem: Three Houses."
ok6ntg,Cool Movement Mechanics, Are there any cool movement mechanics that you would like to see in an open world 3d platformer? Maybe mechanics that are linked to some kind of core mechanic?
ok6m36,Unique 3D styles that are easy to make," I am currently planning out the creation of an open world 3D platformer collectathon with an emphasis on movement and exploration. I tried making a character model, before realizing how difficult that actually is. I thought about going low-poly, but I then realized that the “low poly” look is extremeley overused on the indie game front. I then thought about a blocky/Minecraft styled look, with more normal maps, but I then realized that people might think that I copied Minecraft. Finally, I thought about a yoshi’s crafted world/sackboy/paper mario origami king style, but I then realized that would be difficult to model.\n\nCan you suggest any unique and beautiful styles that a single person like me can realistically do?"
ok5qvj,[platform] Demon (you) wants to leave the hell.,"You go from left to right, down to up, until you reach portal to the Earth. On your way you fight your enemies.\n\n\n**moves:**\n\n\nleft, right, jump, crawl, grap/drop/use weapon, kick, punch\n\n\n**weapons:**\n\n\nyou must defeat enemies and they'll drop some\n(baseball bat, crowbar, slingshot, rifle...)\n\n\n**story:**\n\n\nA) You're a demon who heard from his demon friend that ""the gate"" has been opened. You want to go, but it's against the rules in hell, thus why you have enemies.\n\n\nB) Same, but you're not a demon, but a man that ended up in hell. \n\n\nB1) you ended up in hell rightfully\n\n\nB2) you were a good man that shouldn't end up in hell\n\n\n**things you can add**\n\n\npunch/kick level: you start with P/K level 1/1, but more you P/K, higher P/K level you have. Higher the level, bigger the damage.\n\n\nrunning+stamina bar\n\n\nsuperpowers: firebreath, superstrenght, temporal invisibility... (just ideas, you can do whatever), you would get them\n\n\nby defeating bosses\n\n\ndrinking elixirs (only temporal superpower)\n\n\n**if you want to make it longer**\n\n\nAfter going through the gate, you end up in a secret laboratory-military base complex on Earth and you must escape from that\n\n\n**preferable platforms:**\n\n\nAndroid, Windows, Xbox360"
ok5hzm,Stuck in Japan,"Story: Young man travels to Japan because he got discount for his ticket. But gets stuck there when some bad guys steal his things and leave him in the woods. Now he must find bad guys and find way to escape from them.\n\nGameplay: There is 8 worlds in which you must don't touch ground while jumping on platforms and trees or you will die, and you can also find bags which contain some items and powerups. And the end of each world there is a boss, which has stuff that is presumably yours, but always it turns out that these are other people's things and you must continue searching for your stuff until you find your stuff at very end of the game."
ok4l0y,The Huntsman,"Why be a Hero, when you can be a Villain…\n\nStory\n\nZander Fox Is A Bounty Hunter, He Takes tasks from a higher council named “The Order” That has the most money in the world, and supplies it to Zander To Finish Tasks.   \nPlay as “The Huntsman” as he is called. Receive tasks from the order, finish them, and use the money to get new gear. Zander has no mercy for people, he was bread from the order and will die for the order.\n\nGameplay\n\nSet in a free-roam frost world named Gambia, you receive contracts and finish them. Buy new gear from a shop, and complete more missions. But Zander has another feature, he encounters tough decisions on his journey, He can Toss and turn into different identities, he can be a hero or villain based on his actions. With one of the game‘s endings being killing the order to save the world, and another one being becoming a villain and ruling the world."
ok48mh,Bloodsport,"Story:\n\nIn New York city, A billionaire Entrepreneur For Infinity Tech Industries Named Tony Magnus who makes deals with the Infamous Mafia Known As The Crimson Syndicate Launches A plan named “The Golden Buck” which includes building multiple banks across New York, with him and the mafia putting money towards the cause. A government Funded Team named A.I.D (Agent Insurgence Division) launch multiple bank robberies to fund a cause to shut down Infinity Tech And The Crimson Syndicate.\n\nGameplay:\n\nThe game isn’t an ordinary free roam game. Players select missions to do from a menu without having to explore an open world. Players will spawn outside the bank or objective area. before they start, they will get a preview of the map. It will show Entrance Opportunities, Guards and where the main objective is. The player has a notoriety bar, Performing Low profile Actions such  as sneaking into the facility, avoiding conflict and silent take-downing enemies will lower your Notoriety. High profile actions such as Raising alarms, killing innocent people and Gunfights will  raise your notoriety. The lower notoriety you have, the better your reward is for completing the mission. Their are also side objectives like assassinations, Hacking Processes and Pickpocketing.   \n\n\nThe game acts as a third person shooter, where you can choose your own play style. Once you have finished your main objective, you escape the area and make your way to an escape vehicle. Players have a wide range of gadgets and weapons, finishing missions rewards you with cash, you can use the cash to buy upgrades, weapons and gadgets. You can also do missions with friends. The player can also customise their own character. Their is no battle pass or item shop feature to keep the games originality."
ok3wt5,I want to make game somewhat similar to tarkov with a few different mechanics but free (if you have any ideas it would be very helpful),
ok3uql,I wanna try making a game some what similar to tarkov but with a few different mechanics and also free,
ok3f8w,Series of RPGs set in Isaac Asimov's Robot/Empire/Foundation Universe,"Been reading through Asimov's books and keep thinking how cool a series of games could be in this universe. \n\nIt could start with a sort of a detective game based on Caves of Steel / Naked sun / Robots of dawn where you play as Elijah Baley or even just an entirely new character set in that universe. I think the subterranean cities and the mystique of the outer worlds lend themselves to a lot of creative liberties for game designers. \n\nNext could be about imperial conquest and the rise of the galactic empire, you could play as a rebel or general in armada. \n\nLast would be in the foundation universe, less open world but more linear missions where you play as the main characters in that era. \n\nI think it would be cool. I've never seen a good adaptation (outside of I, Robot or Bicentennial Man) of this extended Universe. I know Apple TV is doing a Foundation series (which I have strong doubts about) but I think it would be sick as a video game series."
ok2gfk,Need help creating an inventory without ui,"Hi,  \nI'm working on a survival game and want to have very very minimal UI to try and immerse the players.   \nI've been trying to think of a system for the inventory, Originally I had it so you could hold an item in each hand and that was it but it wasn't fun as it limited the things you could collect to two items.\n\nI've been toying with the Idea of maybe having a backpack with physical slots you can fill up and take things out of.  \nI was wondering what other ideas people might have that you think could work?  \nThank you so much in advance :)"
ok1101,A knife throwing arcade shooter/arena shooter,So first of hello fellow redditors. So i was chillin in my room doing some scissor flips and i got this idea of a knife throwing areana shooter/arcade shooter. So hear me out\n\n\n\n[mechanics]\nso basicly you can parkour and throw knifes and people would have 2 hearts when got hit you lose a hart melee does 1 to backstab direct kill with parkour i was thinking titanfall2 style like bhop or wallrun i was also thinking of power ups in the map or by unlocking them and select them in the menu like boost double jump or homing knifes\n\nso thats the basic mechanics\n\n\n\n[gamemodes]\nthis game could have many gamemodes here is what ive come up with\n\ntdm: classic team deathmatch\n\nffa: just freeforall\n\nassasin: you get a target to kill but you dont ur target if you kill ur target or the person trying to kill u you wil get +1 point get the wrong guy -1\n\nknockout: basicly super smash bros hit or throw each other with knives the more you get hit the more knock back you get so basicly ssb\n\ncompetitive: classic tdm no powerups\n\nmurder: classic murder mystery one man is killer and ur tryna figure out who\n\nim sure more minigames wil fit into this game \n\n\n\n[progression]\ni was thinking about ranking sytems cuz this game can have a big competitive scene since everyone is on a even playing field so ranking sytems can work or just sime level ups\n\n\n\n[monetization]\nthis game could go f2p or p2p\nso you could add skins if ur gonna add f2p shit like knife skins diffrent clothing styles or rewards for leveling up but p2p could go same too but without microtransactions wich i hope\n\nso thats basicly the game i had in mind wich i realy wanna play as i was writing this but maybe its only me who wants to play it so what do you think about it or wanna add to it realy wanna know
ojymrm,Starborne,"Story:\n\nSet in space, there is an Extra-Terrestrial Race that are born from the explosion of stars. They are called Stargazers. Stargazers possess magical powers.Eventually, their planet is invaded by General Corvus and his army,The Black Hand. After his family is killed and his planet in seized, a high functioning boy named Leon,who was born from the explosion of the biggest star in the universe, the Megastar.escapes his planet and lands on a post-apocalyptic earth, where he must learn to harness his powers to retake his planet. Meanwhile, General Corvus Sends bounty hunters to capture Leon. \n\nGameplay:\n\nThere are 12 planets including The stargazian Planet,Ernest. Leon must defeat all Black Hand Soldiers By liberating STAR ZONES. Once he has liberated all the star zones, he will face the final boss, then he will travel to the next planet. Leon can also free-roam, but un-liberated areas restrict you from using “Star sight” a vision that lets you see enemies and their weak points. You can also do bounties and side missions to level up, gain skill points and become stronger."
ojydle,I,
ojx9hc,A Turn-Based open world multiplayer game.," An Open world turn-based game.\n\nWhen starting the game you will choose land and also choose a class. Your land is where you start the game building and gaining new land by challenging other players for their land. This game is set around a “world timer” everybody in the server will move at the same time the timer and run from 5-6 minutes. During that time you can choose to build on your land or send your units out to get more land.\n\nBuildings in this game can help train troops to make them stronger or to help you gain resources for your land. If you wish to do so you can also make allies and friends to trade with.\n\nClasses in this game are unique because it will change your heroes, lords, and unites. The classes are pretty much different races with special attributes based on which class you pick\n\nClasses:\n\nHuman - standard class no attributes but no disaadvantes either\n\nElves - Magical based class and less tanky class\n\nDwarves - Tanky small class but slower than other classes.\n\nDemihuman - Jack of all trades class you could get heroes and lord with good stuff or bad.\n\nTrolls - Strength based class but your heroes can rampage when angry.\n\nDemons - Magical and strength based but bad during the day\n\nAngels - Magical and speed based but weaker at night\n\nMerfolk - Magical based and way better in water very weak on land\n\nUndead - Strong during the night but weak during the day\n\nSpirits - Cant be attacked by pure strength has to be attacked with some kind of magic but slow.\n\nAll of these classes have their own kind of looking town with different heroes, lords, and units and different buildings that can be made."
ojufkw,A La Cosa Nostra(American Mafia) Game.,"Now guys I know there is the Mafia games but what the idea I've got is totally different a game we NEED.\n\n(DISCLAIMER:THIS GAME IS AN IDEA OF MINE AND THE GAME WOULD BE A HUGE GAME. THE MAP WOULD BE A NEAR-ACCURATE RECREATION OF NEW YORK IN THE DECADE YOU PICK TO PLAY IN. EACH FAMILY WILL BE EXTENSIVELY BIG AND METICULOUSLY DENSE. ACCURATE TO THE REAL FAMILIES AS POSSIBLE, THINK OF THIS GAME AS GTA BUT THE MAFIA VERSION, THIS GAME WILL BE PURELY CHOICE BASED AND HAS LITTLE GUIDED DIRECTION, IT WOULD BE PURELY HOW YOU WANT TO PLAY AND YOU MAKE YOUR OWN CHOICES BUT YOUR CHOICES HAVE REPERCUSSIONS)\n\nTHIS IDEA IS HEAVILY HEAVILY DETAILED AND I SPENT WEEKS PLANNING IT OUT. FEEL FREE TO COMMENT IDEAS AND DISCUSS THE GAME I WILL BE ACTIVE WITH REPLIES. IF ANY DEVS SEE THIS AND ARE INTERESTED THEN I WOULD LOVE TO GET TO WORK ON THIS PROJECT.....ENJOY\n\n\nMy game idea is an open world game based on the 5 families of New York. The game will be historically accurate and you can pick a decade to play in. 60,s,70s or 80s.(these 3 decades where huge decades in the mob where we saw the rise of gangsters like Gotti, Castellano, Gaspipe and Demeo etc.) Now if we wouldn't be able to get all the actual real gangsters in game there is always mods to help.\n\nSo you pick which era you wish to play in and can also pick one of the bosses to play as or start as an associate trying to get made into a family. In the game if you start as a boss then you just deal with controlling your family, commission meetings and sit downs, ordering hits, finding ways to get money, choosing to have guys made or even rewriting history and declaring war on another family. \n\nNow if you wanted to go the more complex route and start as an associate, you get to create your Gangster and you pick what borough you live in and give him and choose a backstory etc. \nYour backstory decides your start and chance of being made. So if im your backstory you choose to have a family member in the mob it will heavily increase your chance of being made. If you choose to go the harder route, you start as a guy with no mob connections and try to work your way up.\nIf choose to start as a guy with no mob connections, then its up to you to how you want to go about making connections you could do the following things:\n\n1.You could start hanging around in mob owned bars or social clubs. (There will be a rating meter in the game with every character you encounter,its down to your actions whether they like you or not,BEWARE make the wrong move and Be killed then its game over).\n\n2.Become a killer to make a name for yourself in the neighbourhood, but beware as if the police arrest you and you are found guilty you get sentenced to life and its game over.\n\n3.Find a way to make alot of money and become a ""good earner"". This can be by being a loanshark, drug dealer, car thief etc. Or even scams such as getting money from big corporations. Choosing to go this route will take time and effort as you have to make it work and earn the money, not all scams will be successful.\n\n4. Get buddy with a made gangster and try to get close to him in attempts to get made.\n\n\n(If you have anymore ideas on ways you could go about getting made, feel free to comment below)\n\n\nOnce you have successfully made it into becoming an associate of one of the 5 families. You will have many tasks to complete and things to do to become made.\nThese tasks will include maintaining your reputation, bringing in money and putting in work.\n\nAfter some time of grinding as an associate( This will take time but this game is not a game intended to be a quick 100 hours and done. This game would be a simulation RPG that is intended to be played for hundreds if not thousands of hours, as each level your at in the game would be majorly detailed and anything could happen which would add the to role play such as you get locked up, the money you earn from a certain scheme declines or comes to a stop via either bad luck or bad business management. This game would have real world factors throughout, so if you have a stake in a certain business that is involved with the stock market and there was a stock market crash,you would begin to lose money etc. ( we will go into real world factors in a bit).\n\n\nAfter building up trust with certain made gangsters, you will at some point be proposed for membership into a family(the timescale of this will vary in each save you have as it all depends on the induavidual character and their own success as a criminal,also its not promised you will ever get made, it all depends on the particular character and their success)once proposed you will be called to a meeting and under go the ceremony where you are officially inducted into the particular crime family. \n\nIn this ceremony there will be a cut scene where you go through the procedures of being made,finger being pricked...saint burning in your hand etc. \nYou will also be told the rules and regulations of being in the mob and that you must swear to Omerta and failure to do so results in death(once you die the game ends and you can either restart or start a new save)\nYou will also be informed of your privileges as a made man such as noone can put a hand on you without consent etc.\n\nOnce you are inducted into the family your respect level will increase and you will be able to reap the benefits of a made man which include getting free meals in restaurants and bars, people in the neighbourhood going out of their way to please you, getting respect from everyone yada yada.\n\nThe purpose of this game is about ambitions and trying to achieve your goals. It is up to you as the player as to what goals you have and what you want to do. \nYou can be the overly ambitious mobster who wants to go straight to the top and become the family boss. Doing so will take time and alot of effort. You will have to do things to improve relationships with other made guys in the family. Or you can go the bloody high risk route of trying to create an inner family war and take your position in blood. Choosing this way will have little success rate and other families won't respect you and depending on who your families boss has good connections with, other families will also try to have you whacked. So the safer option to becoming the boss is to grind and grind. Make money, improve relationships, put in work,make good decisions and increase your respect. You will work your way up from soldier to captain to underboss and then finally to boss. !NOTE!\nWorking your way up in the family will take hundreds of hours but this game is about realism and living the full life cycle of a gangster. Finally becoming boss will be a rewarding thing and something that once achieved is satisfying. \nAs you go up in the family ranks you start to have more and more responsibilities such as running your crew, performing well in sit downs and making money and so-forth\n\nChoices in this game would be HUGE. Every action means something and has an effect one way or another. You kill a guy and don't completely get rid of evidence the cops will come sniffing around. If the guy has connections, expect a retaliation. If you move into another guys territory with your business of choice, expect confrontation and to be challenged.  I think you see where I'm going with this.\n\n\nEvery character in the game will have their own personality,traits and reputation etc. Every character will have their own agenda and goals. Below i will go into what each entail.\n\n\nPERSONALITY: Personality will be a huge part of the game, every induavidual character will have their own personality and agendas. Some characters personalities will be tough, hard nosed,stubborn and greedy making them hard to do business with whereas others will be more easy going and soft. This is just a brief summary of personality as the personalities in game would be very complex and detailed.\n\nTRAITS: Each character will have traits. Traits along with personality will affect the outcome of your dealings with the induavidual. The traits seen will be things like:\n-HOT HEADED\n-GREEDY\n-ARROGANT\n-HOMICIDAL \n-GOOD EARNER\n-PERSONABLE\n-BIGOT\n-GOD FEARING\n-PAITENT\nand so on. There would be tons of traits in this game and each character would have a certain amount of their own to make up their character. Each trait has an effect on how the character acts. \n\n\nREPUTATION: Reputations will vary from manical, morose, sadistic heartless feared killer to not very respected pushover. Reputations would have a huge impact on this game as it has influence on how in game characters interact with eachother. If you piss of a guy who has a reputation for violence, expect a surprise attack at any time(we will go into gameplay in a bit).\nOr if you come across a guy who isn't respected and seen as a pushover you could step on his toes and get money from him via extortion etc. \nJust like personality and traits, every in game character will have a reputation and the reputation system will be dense and detailed. \n\n\nIN GAME WORLD AND REAL WORLD FACTORS:\n\nIn this game the world which would be New York would be bustling and thorough. Every neighbourhood would have its own ambience and vibe. The Npcs depending on where you go in the city will change. Go to Bensonhurst,Brookyln expect hostile npcs, go to New York, New York expect friendly and outgoing npcs.\nMy aim for this in game world would be a vibrant one.\nNpcs would go about their day and live their own lifestyles. They will go to their jobs in the day the city would be alive. As the day comes to an end, you would be able to see People going home from work and the streets gradually emptying(depending on where you are, go to manhattan at night and see the streets well alive)\nThe game would have a lively world with events happening daily. Criminals will roam the streets and go about their days to achieve their goals. This wouldn't be a game where if you do nothing then life stops. No, you will need to stay active in the life and stay ahead of your competition. Sure in the game you would be able to live a lifestyle where you could go to bars, party, meet woman, hang out with friends, go shopping,buy real estate, take drugs and just go do ordinary things. \nBut beware,Live too much of the high life and get lazy on your hustle then expect to fall behind your competition. Also live the high life too much you may get sloppy and make mistakes which could draw attention from the police. \nEVERY ACTION WILL HAVE A REACTION.\n\n\nThis game would be about roaming the open world and living a lifestyle as much as it would be about your criminal hustle. \n\nThe way the game would play is that you will be doing whatever your doing in this open world game and then out of nowhere something could happen like other gangsters try to kill you(this will not be a cut scene, but in the gameplay). Your friends could set you up and invite you to a place where you could be whacked, so you constantly have to be on your toes and be aware of your decisions. Another example of a real world factor would be that whilst the game is ongoing and your going through your characters life cycle, people may inform on you and have you arrested, so you will have to be careful and watch cars there are following you,you would be able to get your car checked for bugs and watch out for wiretaps. Police in this game, just like people coming to kill you, could roll up at any time. You could be out on a date with your in game girlfriend or hanging out at a social club and police could come and arrest you,so you will have to be conscious of your surroundings at all times. Im open to discussing more ideas for real world factors but im not going to go into any more yet.\n\nMy hope for this game would be to really get the feel of what it is like to be a gangster in the American mob.\nI picked the eras of 60s 70s and 80s as these were better days for the mob and they were at the peak of their powers. \nIn this game I want to get across the feel that you could be wiped out at any time, once your killed, the game ends. You could also be arrested at any time and unless you are sentenced to life, the game will simulate your sentence and you can go to the timeline menu to see what is going on on the outside such as whose been killed, whose been made, whose been arrested, who turned informant, who is boss etc.\nOnce your sentence is up your character will have aged to whatever age they are when released. !NOTE! Keeping your mouth shut and riding out a long bid will increase your characters respect MASSIVELY!\nOn the flip side you could choose to become an informant for the feds and give information in exchange for your freedom. Each time you are an informant will differ,depending on what is going on in game. HOWEVER if you are found out to be a snitch expected to be murdered!\n\n\nI've spent hours and hours writing this up and I have sooo many more ideas for this game that I would be more than happy to share. I have pages of notes for this game but for now im just going to end it here. I hope you all enjoy."
ojsgfq,Mission-Based Martial Arts Game,"In this game, you play as a student in a hidden school that indoctrinates people into a martial art that grants its users superhuman capabilities and supernatural abilities. The MC came from a destitute family that sold them at a tender age for a small fortune. At the school, he and other students endured agonizing daily training to condition them for lethal combat.\n\nThe game is primarily a 3D open exploration hack and slash where you have various abilities such as a combo-based quick attack, a guard breaking heavy attack, a limited damage-neutralizing defense, a deflection that sets up opponents for lethal critical attacks, a projectile attack with a first-person aiming mode that deals multiplied damage for striking a target's weak points, A few high-damaging attacks with special modifiers or techs, and some basic to advanced parkour and stealth abilities. As you progress, defeat enemies, and obtain collectables, you'll upgrade your base stats, unlock advanced variations of your techs, and augment your basic abilities. You'll choose your scenarios from a list in a main menu where you can either progress normally through mildly open levels or explore for optional bonuses and collectables, including branching bonus scenarios.\n\nThe first half of the game is when you graduate to practical training, where you'll be sent to kill malevolent supernatural entities spawned from corrupted chi due to the fact that the school was built in an area that's a chi hotspot. However, in one of the latter missions of the first half, you eavesdrop on your instructors and discover the graduating students are sold to big name figures in the global underworld as slave assassins, and a power-hungry warlord is paying top dollar for you, the best student the school has ever seen.\n\nEventually, you begin slaughtering the instructors, who then begin sticking your fellow students on you for the false promise of freedom. After killing all the friends you've ever known, you come across the school's grand master, who attempts to kill you using the school's secret technique. Though wounded, you've memorized the technique and adapted it as your ultimate attack, using it to kill the master who hails you as the greatest practitioner in the history of their martial art with their final breath.\n\nIn the second half, you're forced to travel all over the world in an attempt to escape would-be assassins. Apparently destroying the school left a massive power vacuum in the martial arts underworld and practitioners of the other one hundred seven supernatural martial arts attempt to track you down and kill you to enhance their own reputations.\n\nIn the final part of the game, you and the others discovered that all the bad chi given off by the constant life-or-death fighting corrupted the world's chi on a massive scale and created a horde of entities that have already decimated a third of human civilization. You and your adversaries call a truce and go around forming an alliance with the other schools to combat and defeat the new menace, which also unlocks other playable characters with their own techs and variants of the MCs primary abilities for use in a free play mode that enables you to access areas that were previously unreachable."
ojpn3n,What if magic users were real,"Classes \n\nHands free- slower spell time\n                      Fastest hand to hand combat \n                      Average spell damage \n\n\nStaff user -  Average spell time \n                      Low hand to hand combat \n                      Highest spell damage \n\n\nTalisman master - Fastest spell speed\n                                 Average hand to hand \n                                 Lowest spell damage \n\n\nSelf taught-        Average spell time \n                             Medium high hand to hand\n                             Damage depending on spells\n\n\n-----‐------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nGAMEPLAN\n \n 1st or 3rd person Open word action rpg pvpve set in the present day or near future.  Missions and objectives will be in your personal tome but other can get the same quest and its up to you whether you cooperate or not. The Neuters are also around the world and there job is to catch magic users and fix the problem. \n\n____________________________________________________\n---\n Combat\n\n  User would have access to 4 main spells/abilities and two primary attacks (heavy/light) they can be use combined to create combos, counters and Travers the battle grounds. \n\nFire abilities _\n Fire bolt\nFlame shards\nFeugo foot\nSunshower \nRage\nSimmer \nPyrotechnics \nPyrotechnic star fall\n==========================================\n\nElectrical abilities _\n Shock\nSizzle \nLight bombs \nZero static \nThunder ring\nSparkling knuckles\nZeus favorite \nThunder clap paradise\n==========================================\n\nWater abilities _\nShell \nTorpedoes\nSubmerge \nWater wall\nTyphoon \nDripping\nHydropony \nStampede from below \n==========================================\n\nWind abilities _\nSwirling daggers\nWhirlwind \nWhirlwind push \nWindmill \nFlying \nBreeze \nOne with Wind \nCyclone of Heaven \n==========================================\n\nEarth abilities _\nRocky road\nSmashing foundation \nShatter \nMudslide push \nRebirth \nNature's heart\nMountain man\nPompeii second coming\n==========================================\n\nIce abilities _\nFreezing \nCold snap\nSlide\nIced out\nBlizzard \nFrosty fist\nBelow Zero \nBuild a snowman\n==========================================\n\nWeapons types _\nAxes\nHammers\nSwords\nMaces \nBow staves \nSais \nDaggers\nAmplifier armament spells(bare handed attacks are buffed with selected damage type)\n==========================================\n\nVehicle/moment _\nMotorbike \nSkates\nGrappling hook\nTeliport\nCars\nTrees\nLighting strikes \nFlaming boards\nWind wings\nWaterfalls"
ojohbd,"Survive, build, and expand your underground community while fighting AI takeover (Rust/Ark but as a 2D platformer)","Rust/ARK but as a 2D platformer\n\nOpen world 2D/2.5D pixel platformer survival game (think terraria).\nThe “Mother Core '' is located in a ship in space, orbiting the earth. She is an AI, no longer able to be controlled by mankind. She has one goal, complete and total  control over the world. but humans are resilient, and have made an impenetrable shelter deep underground.  Whether or not Mother and her minions will be hostile depends on your cooperation, or interference, with her plans.\n     Players can teleport to her ship through the Communication Hub on earth. Protective fields prevent players from using any items while inside. Inside the spaceship, the player's mind is transferred into a controllable worker bot, unable to attack but equipped with advanced tools they can use to build more advanced technology and robots, as well as collect and process unique materials. Merging with the Mother Core will give you access to her facilities; infinite food and resources, however failure to follow the Mother Core’s strict set of guidelines will result in punishment by death or a permanent ban from her ship. Returning to life as a human is difficult, if not impossible. You will easily be identified as a traitor by the tattoo on your forehead, given by Mother as punishment for disobedience. \n Humans living in the compound  will be able to choose between a number of ‘jobs’. Having a job will enable you to purchase things such as a home to protect your player or specialized weapons or tools.There are many ways to get a role.  Players can be voted in or out of certain jobs or given a role by another player. Some jobs can only be accessed through certain structures, which need to be built first. Some tasks require bureaucracy; having a criminal record scanned by the registration worker, or being required to have a bank account. Resources are shared between members of a faction, factions can be changed, allowing a player to attack members of other factions. Players can also become a criminal, stealing resources and property or stealthily taking from other members of a faction. However, being caught will result in a trial or  even death, you could be banished from the faction, or sent to jail by the sheriff. When it comes to the human world, the rules are made by the players. When killed, the player will respawn with a completely random ID in the living chambers, their previous identity a secret ( i realize there is a flaw here to be worked out where players could spawnkill a player if the server has a small amount of players)  Having a large server of players means complex rules, communities and dynamics. \n\n(please keep in mind i have never played rust or ARK survival, i just know that some key mechanics are similar)\n(also inspired by a mod i used to play on Gmod)"
ojhs2x,"An open-world magic game where you run a magic shop and have to collect resources, fight enemies, and learn recipes in order to create magical items to sell.","I'm imagining this as a 2D pixel art game in the same vein as Stardew Valley. After researching lots of games that involve running a magic shop, I haven't found one that includes the perfect blend of gameplay I would enjoy most. Here's my list of mechanics I would really like to see in a game like this:\n\n* Patrons of the shop can bring the player leads to locations of rumored magical resources. The player can also do their own research by reading books and fragments of scrolls they find.\n* The social aspect of the game should be a primary focus, just like Stardew. Patrons are fleshed out and have their own lives and stories.\n* The player must create every item that gets sold in the shop. At the beginning they do so manually, but there should be machines that allow complex materials to be farmed.\n* Every potion has its own recipe that can be learned, but the player can also choose to experiment, sometimes resulting in drastic consequences. Unknown potions can be tested on yourself, a willing volunteer, or sold to a random stranger who may come back and complain, or end up with incredible powers.\n* While the player is out adventuring, there's an NPC that runs the shop's day-to-day operations. They can make basic potions, enchant items with simple effects, and earn passive income for the player. This NPC can potentially get better over time if you train them.\n* Some resources can only be gathered by killing monsters, so the combat must be satisfying. Obviously the player will have access to many spells, so there could be a mechanic where you must curate your spellbook to find the perfect synergies.\n* There could be a skill tree for each type of magical discipline such as Alchemy, Enchanting, Scribing (scroll-writing), Brewing, Herbology, etc. There could even be paths such as Smithing or Tailoring.\n* Patrons can ask the player to perform tasks for them such as disenchanting cursed objects, creating very specific magic items, and curing them of ailments.\n* As the game progresses, the player gets more powerful and can upgrade their shop into larger structures with more rooms for various tasks, eventually resulting in a mage's tower with portals to various locations they have been to.\n\nI apologize for my long post, dear redditors. I'm full of ideas for a game like this, so I'm just spitballing in hopes someone will find inspiration here. If there's a dev team out there with the ability to make a game like this, I hope I've given you some good ideas to start with!"
ojfv8u,Horror game idea with criminals and superheroes,So basically i think an interesting concept to explore could be a horror game where the player is a criminal who robs banks and the idea is that the superhero uses fear and tension to defeat the criminals.\n\nI am not sure how easy it is to properly combine horror with a crime game but i think it could be great if pulled of well.\n\nYou could also make some other criminals induce fear too like the boss of a gang or something
ojfjlm,"Perform sick tricks and combos to fill a charge meter, then use it to blast the opponent away!","PvP game that plays like Tony Hawk Pro Skater or Jet Set Radio, charging a meter by doing different tricks (rail grinds, wall rides, etc.) and charge it more by maintaining a combo. Players have different weapons they can use, stronger ones use more charge. Hit an opponent to get a point, player with the most points when time runs out wins."
ojd7rz,Unique 3D styles that are easy to make,"I am currently planning out the creation of an open world 3D platformer collectathon with an emphasis on movement and exploration. I tried making a character model, before realizing how difficult that actually is. I thought about going low-poly, but I then realized that the “low poly” look is extremeley overused on the indie game front. I then thought about a blocky/Minecraft styled look, with more normal maps, but I then realized that people might think that I copied Minecraft. Finally, I thought about a yoshi’s crafted world/sackboy/paper mario origami king style, but I then realized that would be difficult to model. \n\nCan you suggest any unique and beautiful styles that a single person like me can realistically do?"
orfzjt,Horror themed open-world RPG in a victorian-like setting (not survival horror),"I'm getting into game dev and an working on fleshing out this idea of an open world rpg with supernatural horror elements: demons of various types, possessed people, wendigo, skin walkers, witches...  I'm not sure what else, but I'm going for a consistent feel. Different origins is fine (Native American, Germanic, Norse, etc.). \n\nI'm not entirely sure of the gameplay loop though.  Since they are supernatural, I want there to be something more than physical fighting, but not magic since it won't be fantasy.  There could be exorcism/banishment type actions after wearing down a creature in a fight.  Maybe like the Constantine movie.  I'm also thinking of the movies, Van Helsing, Brothers Grimm, and similar, and the show Supernatural for ideas on how and what to fight.  \n\nThoughts?"
orfdvm,Carcassonne-like tiling for tower defense,"Most tower defense games fall into one of the following two path desigs:\n\n* having a **fixed path**\n* **maze** **building** by the player\n\nI propose pulling tiles from a deck, wich must be aligned along all edges like in [Carcassonne](https://i1.wp.com/int-ent.de/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/carcassonne-switch-screenshot-03.jpg?resize=660%2C330&amp;ssl=1) Board game to form a path. Also the resulting patches give special bonuses, Example: Size of uninterrupted forest gives bonus to druids adjecent to it.\n\nI plan on using this myself, but meh.. My projects seldom see the light..\n\nCheers,  \nDr. Jamgo"
ordzur,An MMO like SAO,"This idea is very likely to have been already posted by someone, but I have not seen it yet, so: for those who don't know SAO, it's an MMO with 100 levels. The levels are different landscapes with towns, forests, etc. Somewhere on each level is a dungeon tower with a boss room inside. The players have to work together to defeat the boss in order to reach the next level. The goal is to defeat the 100th boss."
or8k9c,A Ghost Of Tsushima Mixed With Red Dead And Last Of Us 2 And Ragdoll Pyshics,"DEEP\n\nA Survival Horror Gory Game\n\nA Sandbox Brutal Game\n\nHas A Campaign, Sanbox, Custom Items From The Store\n\nGuns And Melee Unlocked In Campaign: Kitchen Knife, Soldier's Gun, Dad's Pocket Knife, Katana.\n\nGuns And Melee Unlocked In Sandbox: All.\n\nCustom Items: Unknown\n\nGame Mechanics:\n\nQ To Kick\n\nE To Check Inventory\n\nRight Click To Aim Or Hold Right Click To Get A Charged Bullet\n\nLeft Click To Fire \n\nQQ To Charge Kick\n\nSandbox Mode Only : Spacebar Spacebar To Fly\n\nF To Pull Out Katana\n\nR To Reload\n\nEsc To Menu"
or7yve,Single button lockdown game. You are a politician. Time your lockdown to avoid too many deaths or getting kicked out of office until everyone gets vaccinated.,
or6vo8,Pls Help Me I Need and Idea,Hey I like to start a video game that developed my me but i dont have any ideas. im using unity engine for make the game and if u have any ideas pls let me know. if its and 2d one that would be awesome
or55n4,Shredder shoot survival,Inside of this game there is five rooms\n\nWater is slowly falling from the ceiling\n\nSlowly suffocating everyone who’s in the room\n\nThere is a bullet that is traveling around the room trying to hit players\n\nDodge the bullet and make it hit someone else to survive it\n\nEvery room is like this but it slowly gets faster and faster\n\nThe final room has cake on the desk\n\nAnd a door to leave\n\nBut there is a key inside of the cake\n\nBut if you eat the cake\n\nIt Will set that room on fire and release deadly gas\n\nBut also on the desk\n\nIs a knife that also has a key on the back of it\n\nIf you cut the cake with that you still die
or4j7s,"A Game that follows a story line, each level/chapter in different retro game play styles.","A storyline that follows various generic versions of retro games. FPS phases that can vary from low bit FPS Doom/Hexxen styles peaking up to Goldeneye style graphics, third person phases, fighting, driving etc. Follow one storyline but carried out through different styles of graphics and gameplay styles. I’m not really experienced on game developing so I don’t know if this is too big of an idea, I just really enjoyed the oldies and feel that our technology has far more capabilities now. Wouldn’t that mean we can build off of the bones of the past and do more with it."
or3ybt,Frontier Engine: A Post Apocalyptic Steampunk Vessel Command Game,"Hi guys, this is my first post on the sub, and I just thought of a really cool premise for a game and wanted to share it, let me know what you think!\n\n**Premise:**\n\nIn an alternate history, circa 1800s (Victorian era steampunk) . A natural disaster has caused the global death of vegetation, resulting in mass desertification of around 80% the land mass. Massive sandstorms of deadly speeds roam freely across the endless dunes; covering up the last remnants of a forgotten civilization. The survivors are forced to live underground, where they built settlements to facilitate the continuation of humanity while they wait out this natural phenomenon. However long that may take...\n\nThe surface is no longer habitable, nor traversable. However, humanity has mastered steam power, and created a myriad coal fueled legged mechs to traverse the harsh terrain above. These hulking behemoths are the only things you can see in the distant landscape and are responsible for scavenging, trading between settlements, colony relocation and of course, ""conflict resolution"". \n\n**Objective**\n\nYour settlement has lost contact with the rest of the world for years now, and the coal resources are quickly depleting. You are in command of a dreadnought class steam engine about the size of a 7 story building, it was originally designed as a scout, but has been refitted for combat purposes, and modified to accommodate for future upgrades. You are tasked with the mission to form a crew and venture out into the unknown in hopes of reconnecting with the lost world and convince them to save your colony.\n\n**Mechanics**\n\nYou must manage your crew and the resources on board to keep the steam engine functional as it journeys towards a destination of your choosing. Some preliminary systems include but are not limited to:\n\n* steam core to power the entire engine\n* greenhouse to enable food production\n* armory and artillery stations\n* crew and captain's quarters\n* Tesla style oscillator for electricity generation\n* Vents for cooling\n\n(And more to come! Ideas are welcome!)  \n\nYou will likely run into random events (i.e survivors, extreme weather, ruins etc) But the main attraction is other steam engines. Some could be friendly and allow trade, some could friendly until provoked, some could attack without warning. Combat would be conducted over long distances with all sorts of steam punk artillery. FTL is a good baseline for what it might look like. The game should try to be as atmospheric and immersive as possible.\n\n**Thoughts**\n\nWell this is all I have for now, there are probably a ton more ideas I can add, but I think just the premise is good enough for a starting point. Let me know what you think! If nothing else it was fun to write this and theory craft in my head. This concept was heavily inspired by games I played like F.T.L, frostpunk, silent hunter, rimworld etc."
or2zgz,"Ideas for the theme ""cycle""","Hello friends, once again I open a discussion here to find out what ideas you have on this topic"
or1koc,Boss Ideas for a Bullet Hell game,"Naturally, Reddit is the best place to get ideas, and basically I just want an idea for a boss, but its a bullet hell type game (something like Enter the Gungeon etc.)"
oqypxx,The Hyper &lt;Heal&gt; Mechanic,"Note2Self: This is a game mechanic inspired by the classic [Hyper Sports Arcade Game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyper_Sports) in which rapid sequential button presses move Athletes Faster. For the Hyper Heal Mechanic, Players must press Button A, then Button B in rapid succession to move a &lt;Heal&gt; Meter to Full to activate &lt;recharge&gt;. Replace &lt;Verb Tags&gt; with verb of choice."
oqy1yy,GrappleMania: Oops All Grapplers,"I have an idea for a fighting game where every character is a different type of grappler. The counter grappler, the lucha grappler with the fast dash and Arial based grapples like hurricaranas and Frankensteiners, the big wrestling grappler like zangief, the tag grappler like Rainbow Mika md her partner, a martial artist judo/bjj/sambo,  a submission based grappler like Dragonov from tekken, a showboat like King or Beowulf,  a big and slow grappler like Abigail and Hugo, and a main character young lion grappler made to be a shoto. I think it'll be cool if it's set up like a wrestling game with environmental attacks and the ability to drag people to certain parts of the background but its supposed to be played like a 2d fighter or a 2.5d  fighter with a line system like Fatal Fury. \n\nGrapplers are hated in fighting games but if everyone is a grappler then can you really hate them? So I'm pitching oops all grapplers with all the rope bouncing high flying action of your favorite Grapplers."
oqwvsq,A Reseting MMORPG with Permanence,"I am not sure if this is a good idea, but here it goes.   \n\n\n# Overview\n\n  \nMMORPG, but actual specifics of the gameplay are not important to the idea. It can be WoW-like or a shooter, whatever. The important bit is the game structure. It is built on a two week cycle, with 4 zones that should take 3 days to complete (expanding as necessary, and balancing as it goes on.) Each zone requires every player to work together to win. Defeating world bosses, completing goals, and so on. But once something is done, it's done. No respawning bosses or doing quests that you missed out on. This means that any specific rewards for these cannot be mechanically superior to others, or there would be a riot.\n\n# Boss Structure\n\nThe game is based around killing world-bosses (Think gods and massive dragons). Each world boss will take a full day, maybe two, to defeat working together. But to get to the world boss, players need to defeat Mini-bosses and Encounters. A mini-boss is a big-ol-monster that needs to be defeated. This is done by fighting it directly (Slow, but important to distract it), doing side activities (Like building a bomb to launch at it or recruiting a friendly NPC.), and cutting off resources to it to prevent healing (Depends on the bosses theme, a robot thing might need mechanics to run at it which can be killed). There should be enough variation to prevent players from grinding the same thing over and over. A bit of clever design should be enough. Defeating a boss pushes the player-controlled area deeper into the zone.\n\nEncounters are like mini-bosses, but with several enemies or a small army that needs to be defeated instead.\n\n# Timing\n\nThe game will need a very strict time-gating mechanic. The zones need to be balanced so they each take a few days, but also that it doesn't feel like players are waiting around for stuff to happen. To solve this, I think the bosses and the like should be sectioned off. Massive amounts of HP require players to do side activities to damage them as well as just straight-up fighting them. After ""defeating"" a boss or other encounter, then wait an hour for it to recover off-screen, then fight the next phase. Each miniboss or encounter should take about 12 hours. With 15 minibosses (or encounters), I think this should be enough. Have three on the field at once, that would be 2.5 days to defeat them with 12 hours dedicated to wiggle room and fighting the world boss. With 4 zones, this is only 12 days, but those extra 2 days give more time to defeat the bosses.\n\n# Player Types\n\nPlayers are split into three types, scouts, support, and soldiers. This is not an explicit choice. You do not click a button that tells you which one, rather the types are based on how you play the game. Scouts go around the dangerous zones, collecting resources and fighting smaller things. Soldiers fight in large battles, killing enemies and world bosses. Support stays in the peaceful zones to craft, do casual content, and the like. The game will be balanced to require all three to defeat a zone. For example, to defeat a boss soldiers might need new weapons crafted by the supports. These swords might need special material gathered by scouts. Soldiers might have to defeat a world boss to open up an area for scouts to explore, and so on. \n\n# Rewards\n\nPlayers are rewarded for each mini-boss, world boss, encounter, and other activity they take part in. They will be given a resource that can increase their power. XP for leveling and gaining new abilities. Money for upgrading gear and buying consumables. Cosmetics that stay with the player (Low drop rate). And a meta-resource that carries between game resets. This meta-resource is used in conjunction with an achievement system to purchase new content. New classes, new class ability options, new crafting recipes, abilities to move more quickly, and the best cosmetics. For example, to unlock a ninja class, maybe you have to defeat a certain boss and spend X meta-currency. \n\n# Servers\n\nIf multiple servers are affordable, then they will be offset. So players of different schedules and timezones can experience the same experience.\n\n# Replayability\n\nOne question you might have is why would you replay it if the game just resets? Well, to encourage this, the minibosses will be different/varried slightly on each reset. Different orders of when they come, different placements and different goals for them. After a few months, most players would have seen everything, but they can continue to play to grind the more difficult to obtain meta-rewards. These rewards should be balanced to basic stuff, so as not to overshadow new players immediately.\n\n# Expandability\n\nIf the game is successful, it can receive constant updates to add new bosses, events, and encounters. More zones might be added as player count increases, different end-game bosses, and so on. A private server system with easier monsters can be set up as well for friends who don't want to wait on the rest of the world. \n\n# Monetization\n\nLet's be real, this game will be expensive. So it will need a solid monetization strategy. A subscription is a great model, but it requires a lot of trust, which the game will not have at the start. baring that, it's hard to monetize a game without being sketchy.  \n\n\nMy idea is an initial low-cost, of 15 bucks or so. A solid cosmetic shop with frequent sales. And a subscription that allows for premium cosmetics. Such as emotes, dancing, and the like. The sub also allows the player to open golden chests which provide cosmetics that you would find in the shops, meta-currency, and the like."
oqwc1d,"Paintball FPS where you shooting things, freeze them in place, and Paint them with assorted colors","This is pretty a Note to Self for this idea that just popped in my head. A game world of mismatched art style, theme, and characters. Everything is your enemy, but you can shoot them with splash gun, freeze them, switch to various colors, and paint them. More mechanics are need and I don't know where this going. So ill update this post as new ideas come. I had to write it down before I forget."
oqqf71,Ball and Labyrinth game for blind people,"If you've seen those [ball in labyrinth maze games](https://www.amazon.ca/John-N-Hansen-Wood-Labyrinth/dp/B000BNQFQ4/ref=pd_day0_2/145-7837756-5532168) where you try to get the ball from one end of the maze to the other by tilting the board\n\nThe idea is to scale up the maze and have higher walls, and your character has to get through the maze without getting squished by these massive rolling boulders.  There are several of them rolling around the maze in learnable patterns but you have to do it with your ears only as it's an audio-only game.  Rolling boulders make a sound, the louder, the closer the boulder, but they're muffled by walls, so you can hear them banging against walls around you, and in so doing you're supposed to learn the terrain, determine the boulder patterns, and navigate around them to the finish point\n\nThis idea was partially inspired by one submitted here yesterday about gravity being determined by player's head direction ([thread](https://old.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/opwp93/arena_fps_where_gravity_shifts_to_where_you_look/))"
oqp70z,South Park: The Attack Of The World,"Enemies:Elves,Rats,Bats,Gas Mask Elf, Canadian Boys, Fourth Graders, Bullies\n\nAdvanced Enemies: Ninth Graders, Visitors, Chaos Minions, Nazi's,\n\nBosses: Mr. Mackey, Mickey, Pc Team, Pc Principle, Caitlyn Jenner, Mr. Garrison, The Jews, Canadian Devil, Randy, Winnie The Pooh, Canadian Jews, Obama, Mitch Conner, Officer Yates, The Coon - Optional, Human Kite - Optional, Crab People, Good Cartman, Captain Diabetes, Chaos Army, Iron Maiden, Professor Chaos And General Disarray And Nathan, Mimsy.\n\nDescription: an action packed game where you are trapped in different dimensions trying to escape but there is only one way, defeat The Coon.\n\nSecret Bosses: Rob Schneider, Witch Doctor Token, Tweek Tweak And Craig, Officers, Ned And Jimbo, Cartman's Mom.\n\nMissions: Make Some Friends, Go To Cartman's House, Grab A Weapon, Attack Someone, Find The Key, Kill The Elves, Bully Mr. Mackey, Defeat Mr. Mackey, Give The Nuggets To Cartman, Go To Kyle's Room And Plant The Poster, Go To Stan's House And Plant The Poster, Get To Butter's House To Plant The Poster Etc.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nComing 2022\n\nThe Best Game Ever\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAbilities Unlocked When Lvl 1:\n\nBloodbath Bash, Unlocked When Brute                                                                                                                        \n\nClone Puncher, Unlocked When Assasin\n\nRewind Punch, Unlocked When Rewinder\n\nShit Throw, Unlocked When Disguster\n\nSnow Thrower 2000, Unlocked When Mechanic\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAbilities Unlocked When Lvl 2:\n\nScarred For Life, Unlocked When Brute\n\nClone Spawner, Unlocked When Assasin\n\nRewind Smash, Unlocked When Rewinder\n\nThrowing Maggots, Unlocked When Disguster\n\nAuto Gunner, Unlocked When Mechanic\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAbilities Unlocked When Lvl 3: \n\nim bored so bye :)"
oqokv8,Game about managing post-soviet easter european states.,"Ok so hear me out gamers, I have an idea for a game where you have to run an eastern european state from 1989/1990/1991/1992 (depends on the state) up until the present day (or make it endless i don't care) \n\nYou'll have to bring economic reform to bring western investment. Deal with corruption, modernize infrastructure, restore old cities and landmarks to create a tourism industry. Fix the outdated health care and education systems. Deal with scandals, riots, civil unrest, ***Russia*** and avoid becoming the next Yugoslavia. \n\nAppearance wise I'd probably be similar to something like Rebel Inc. and Plague Inc. or a paradox map game.\n\nYou can have multiple difficulties and quirks based on countries. East Germany: tutorial. Poland, Czechia, Slovakia, The baltic states, Hungary: Easy. Romania, Bulgaria: Normal. Russia Hard (not very hard because you can't get bullied by Russia if you are Russia. Ukraine, Moldova, Belarus: Very Hard. Yugoslavia: F@ck you difficulty \n\nThanks for reading this (you weirdo) and please don't crucify me this is my first post here"
oqnxa1,GTA/zombies/escape from NY,"Remember in old GTA games you could enter codes to change the game a bit? One of them made every person hostile towards you which was chaotic fun (you could also arm everyone with rocket launchers, but that was too much) This is an idea for a game inspired by that:\n\nYou start in a large GTA style map. Miles big. You start on one end, and in the opposite corner, an NPC is infected and starts infecting others, and it starts spreading. The longer it takes you to get there, the more infected you'll meet, and the harder it'll be to find patient zero. You win when you kill patient zero. More points for killing fewer infected on the way. (You could technically just need to bump into patient zero to ""cure"" them.) It's the same logic as movie hive villains. Destroy the ""leader"" and it all stops.\n\nHalf the fun is trying to get there as fast as possible. It should be a little trickier than just hijacking a sports car and speeding straight there. The more skilled you are, the easier it would be once you arrive, and a new player would certainly be overwhelmed if it spreads halfway. I imagine you could run into gangs or cops who could also want to stop you for their own motives.\n\nThe difficulty could be shifted by changing the start points of the hero/patient zero to different regions of the map, requiring more challenging main routes. There could be different maps of various sizes, but it's already a tall task to make one huge map. Ideally, one could be procedurally generated somehow for the most discovery. You could change the infect rate of spread, or make ""two"" viruses on different edges so by the time you finish one, the other is spread far.\n\nOr maybe there would be side-quests (simple ones, but it takes time and a detour) to upgrade weapons/vehicles to balance the directness. It's starting to sound on paper a bit like Dead Rising, but as I imagine it, it feels very different."
oqmpo7,Help with a horror game I'm making,"These days I'm making a horror game where you play as a child in the 90's walking back to home from his friend's house late at night, I'm stuck with the monster/stalker that follows the player... I don't know how to make the player feel anxious or observed?"
oqmj21,What's your idea for the next FNAF or Baldi's Basics?,"That sort of not very long to play, quite addicting, small aspect of horror sort of game? \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI'm looking to create a game with a new mechanic but thinking of ideas has never been my strong suit, let me hear some!"
oqk4v7,Putting everything in order,"Mobile games are often fairly repetitive little time wasters that satisfy some portion of the brain.\n\nI'd surely spend hours on a mobile game that was a hoarders room full of stuff, and you just dragged everything into its place. \n\nI'm not thinking like a puzzle, where there's a correct place for every thing, more of the reverse of a demolition type of game. It starts in chaos, and you move it to order. \n\nI can't explain it where it doesn't just sound like a puzzle though. It's fun in my mind. Or, rather, very satisfying."
oqjgay,I need a game idea,"I have to make a game to prove game maker studio 2.0 is better than python, pls help me."
oqj6l5,Plague Doctor,"So I recently picked up Vampyr again, and while playing this idea came to me. Take the concepts from Vampyr like creating medicines and administering them to people and other general doctoring work, and expand upon that. The idea of playing as a sawbones in the middle ages doing your own research and experiments to create new medicines and treatments and actually using them. Then at some point a new disease unlike anything seen before begins to spread and it's your responsibility to research and attempt to create treatments and potentially a cure for what would turn out to be the black plague. A hygiene system of some sort, some medical procedures and creating medicines from plants and rudementary chemicals. The concept as a whole was very intriguing to me. Let me know what you guys think."
oqi4ko,Getting Ideas For A Game,I am A new smaller dev team and look for some ideas to utilize and put into a game so if you have some cool ideas feel free to leave a commen we are looking for a character based game so not just driving a car or flying there will be a main character.\n\nPS: Thank-ATG Studios
oqgoou,64v64 battle royale,"My idea is basically Warzone except two big teams, of 16 squads of 4 each. Theres lots of other ways to vary upon this idea, such as each squad leader having a platoon radio that lets him talk to other squad leaders. Or you could have everyone be on the same radio wave but let them switch between local team radio and global radio. You could have the map be full of respawn tokens that when you loot it lets one of your teammates respawn. Im not sure if there would be a circle or if the game would end when one team gets wiped out."
oqf43h,Metal Gear Liquid,"you play as liquid snake, a britsh spy, trained by the SAS, the first part of the game is set in the Gulf War, you get captured by the Iraquis you get tortured (Very Kojima like) , after you get rescued by the US, Ocelot trains you to do secret missons for the MSF, after the blowing up of Zanzibar Land, you form a team with Ocelot and invade Shadow Moses, the finale of the game is you on a phone asking for the body of big boss. (That is it, you are welcome Konami)"
oqexbo,A Dark souls inspired Mech game,"You can kill kaijus and other giant mechs, you can have bows and energy arrows, guns, laser swords, change mech colors, when you kill kaijus you absorb energy witch you can spend in your energy core, leveling up your character, the final boss is an alien inside a mech armor, btw the gameplay will flow more like a mix between Dark Souls and Zone of the Enders.\n\nOk now picture this,  \n\n# Credens justitiam is playing, you are in a mech hovering slightly above a lake you can see the ripples forming around you from your engines, and you are fighting a giant kaiju, and you are using a sword and energy shield. thats pretty badass right?"
oqehto,"A ""Cinematic Mode"" option for hack'n'slash Bosses/Separate Difficulty Options for normal mobs and bosses","I've had this idea floating around in my head for a while in hack-n-slash type games where you would be able to have different difficulty options for normal gameplay. Want the mobs to feel like pushovers while the boss is a real...boss, or vice versa where the mobs are the real threat and the boss is just a weak figurehead. \n\nI've also played around  entirely separate ""Cinematic Fight Mode"" option just for bosses with it's own difficulty settings. Here, boss fights are bit more story focused and more so rhythm games in time with the boss/stage's theme to keep some level of interaction without making it just a long cutscene.\n\nStill needs a bit more fleshing out in my head. Let me know what you think."
oqbsg8,"social deception game but with a twist,","you and your friends are stuck in a horror movie mansion, \n\neach and every player has a unique role, \n\n\[examples : the detective, nerd, timid\]\n\nplayers are trying to find keys or other objects to escape the mansion, \n\nhere is the twist.\n\nThere is a player controlled killer, not one that needs to be sneaky to avoid detection. one that can bust into a room with 5 people, kill 1 and have no consequences, like any horror movie killer"
oqa48x,Long-term turn based map-based strategy game,"How I had the idea: I enjoy games I can play for ~10 minutes a day and work towards a long term goal. It's why I have Civilization saves that last years, and I set up ongoing chess games that anybody in my family can play a turn on when they walk past. However, I feel like the aspects of Civ that makes it hard to have long-term multiplayer games are some of the non-military parts like culture and tourism. I was trying to think of a game that takes aspects of Civ but streamlines it for a long-term type of game, and this is what I came up with!\n&gt;\n&gt;\n&gt;\nCore idea 1: Earthlike map. I am debating on whether the ""world"" (animals, biomes, cultures) should stay earthlike or be more fantasy, but having the main structure (Shapes of the land and bodies of water, as well as mountains and deserts) of the map is important to me because I feel like the shapes and terrain the Earth naturally creates leads to really interesting war situations.\n&gt;\n&gt;\n&gt;\nCore Idea 2: Emphasis on Infrastructure. Cities in this game could rely on geography and location to determine what strategical value they hold. Have a city right next to an important front? Use it to create (train?) troops and get them to the front lines faster. Have a city next to a mineral rich area? Set up mines. Cities deep in your controlled territory maybe can be used to research better technology, lead the way politically, or finance your ongoing wars. Taking an important territory or city should be extremely impactful, both because of how much coordination is needed and the rewards after. Taking land should put wind in a player's sails and put the opponent on the back foot unless a well coordinated defense supported by infrastructure is set up by the defender. Remember, in this game, you play the ""long game."" Since regions and cities are so customizable on what they produce, I think maybe drawing your own state lines could be help with this, but maybe would be too complicated (?).\n\nCore Idea 3: Streamlined mechanics. I really want to stress this one. In Civ, you have to create science production to research faster. In this, new tech and advancements shouldn't need science to speed them up, they are just a set time (but require money?). Economy should not be overbearing, and the main part of the game should be moving troops around your fronts, like chess pieces on a chess board, occupying a territory or city as a whole, not a specific part of a territory (like a chess piece occupies a square). Not sure if influence should be a mechanic, with fringe territories turning to the opponent's side.\n&gt;\nPlease give advice: I am not sure if a lot of things are right for a turn based game like this. Should there even be a tech tree if I'm trying to make it streamlined? Should there be an emphasis on infrastructure? What are some ways to shape this multiplayer, long-term, combat game?\n&gt;\n&gt;\n&gt;\nDesign ideas: These are in no way concrete, just ideas on my vision of the game. The graphics style would be nice if it was kind of like Age of Empires 4, or the For Honor map. The time period could be older, or more modern, which would dictate things like railroads vs. roads, and tanks vs horses. If the game was fantasy, I think having dinosaurs that could be ridden as horse type creatures could be cool, but that's just an idea. I also think unique cultures not found in human history could be interesting, but could maybe be bought with a currency I mention below instead.\n&gt;\n&gt;\nImportant mechanics: Since this is a long term game, it could end when a player controls all territories, or when players agree to a ""treaty."" The treaty mechanic could rely on a currency that doesn't affect the actual gameplay, but can buy skins and maps outside the main game (in the menus). The player who was winning would want to negotiate a treaty where they get more land, as that yields more of this currency, and the player(s) who are losing would want to negotiate a treaty where they regain more land. The catch is, after a certain amount of back and forth, if a treaty is not met, both players have their currency rewards halved or something of that nature.\n&gt;\nI will add more ideas as they come, but this took me a while, so an upvote would be appreciated so more people can see my idea. Furthermore, questions and advice, as well as ideas of your own would be awesome."
oq89dy,Call of Duty: Civil War,an alternate time line where it is 1935 and America is plunged the second American civil war by the new communist  confederacy of western states. the east and part of the mid west  become the united states of freedom. when world war 2 roles around the free states ally with the allies and the confederate states ally with Russia and the axis.
oq7pw2,Building game focused on the enviorment,"I thought of an game where you build an emipre of Industry, Society and Military while the actions of the player heavily influence the enviorment. Like you can build Windturbines connected to a water container, peoducing hydrogen to store energy(which would be more expensive) OR you could build nuclar power plants to get energy but radiating the enviorment which is costs less.\n\nI also thought of an aliance type thingy like with Anno or Civilisation but with a twist. Though being in a non war contract, your allies could backstab and attack you. The AI could use two tactics the, what I call the 'Roman way', all open assault where it just throws it units at you, and the modern tactic with strategic attacks of well equiped units specialized for one action like attack, boobytraping etc. .\n\nAs I think the Industry and Military aspect are very big and I want to make a fun game to play either way you can choose the Society aspect will be narrowed to Loyality, room to live, as well as food and water. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nHowever though I think I have the core idea fleshed out quite good, I have no idea in which scenario to put it in. Current times, Ancient long died out forgotten species, Warhammer 40K like or in the future. \n\nI am not that idea full and would love things to add or scenarios you would like to see the project in."
oq7gtz,Ideas on a roblox game,I’m thinking of making a roblox game but i would love it if you guys could give me some ideas on what you think will be a fun game. I want to make a game that everyone can love and enjoy:)
oq6rps,a new TTRPG called Exile,But not just any Table Top Role Playing Game it’s one about cryptozoologists who get isekai’d into a dimension where all of Earth’s Cryptids and Fearsome Critters come from. Perhaps the rules could be based on Dungeons and Dragons?
oq6r9d,game idea: life simulator/gta kind of thing.,"The game will be called “Republic” in this game it takes place in a large city (maybe even a few different cities could be created) in a project zombies type view without the darkness inside buildings. the goal of the game is that everyone has a role to play, whether it be a teacher, cop, stock broker, serial killer… the game can be an online version (with A.I in case of server lacking players) of real life. and if you get caught doing crimes you could go to prison etc… you can escape jail (takes skill). there will be presets on the main menu of different starter characters if you do not wanna make your own.\n\npresets: \n\nhigh school student \ndrug dealer/manufacturer \npolice officer \nkiller \n\nalso in this game you can pay for properties such as homes (willing to take suggestions) \n\nthis is all i have for right now. \ni hope this game gets created."
oq4054,Game Idea: Monastic Simulator,"Have you ever wondered what's the deal with monastiscism? What do monks and nuns practice and what are they up to, for real?\n\nAll these questions and more can be answered by Monastic Simulator, a silly, but teachable game for docile players who wants nothing more than to run your own monastery. Choose between a total of two races: monks or nuns. Participate in celibacy by not participating in sexual intercourse, or do and earn some points but make sure the head-monk/nun doesn't see you! Increase your monastery and add a shop, get an economy going. Add more buildings, do your church service, invite guests, upgrade your monk/nun with better abilities, maybe buy a cloak or spend your points on a new wimple or cape. Wager wars on competing monasterys, send spies to infiltrate other monasteries and by the end of the day maybe you succeed to take command over other monasteries by killing with head nun/monk with a pitchfork level three.\n\nThis is something me and a friend came up with while playing Graveyard Keeper which is kind of similar game in term of sillyness."
oq30pl,A Rogue-like Multi-player Spore Type Game,"A game kinda like Spore, but you only get a few options of body parts based on what you currently have. Simple body parts unlock more complex body parts to choose from. However at each evolution point you can only choose 1 upgrade. If your species dies that body part becomes soft locked (for that species only, subsequent species are free to go that route). Each body part leads to a new tree of body parts available, the only way to evolve is to get food. \n\nStart at the single cell phase and move up to more complex life. A species is kinda like starting a character. Each life stage is effectively locked to that life stage so players can play the part they want to at any time.\n\nHave a species map that shows the progression of all species ever made on an account using game stats. It would mostly be a neat visual for the player to see what worked and what didn't."
oq0epf,Gun building/designer where you'll make guns for the military and/or civilian market,"I take inpiration for this idea from Mikhail Kalashnikov's story of how he designed the AK-47.\n\nThe game would have different ways to start a game, like: \n\n&gt;2-3 campaigns (in places like USA, Germany and Russia, though it's up to the developer) where specific objectives have to be completed each level, obviously.\n\n&gt;custom singleplayer game where you can start your career in any country (any region if that country is under foreign control) with your custom company name on logo in any year in 10 year intervals.\n\n&gt;Optional. A multiplayer where multiple players, totaling up to 10, can either work together or compete to become the best gun designer and company.\n\nThe game's time period would be from 1900 to 2050/2100, making it roughly a 200 year long gun history. As you might imagine, you'd start with bolt-action rifles, pistols, revolvers etc., go on to assault rifles, semi-auto rifles and such, to finally some kind of futuristic guns.\n\nThe game could also go on a bit of an ahistorical path like the USSR losing because you made efficient  enough guns for Germany or a country's independance is preserved becuase the local (yours) gun producer helped to make efficient guns.\n\nGun designing should be pretty lenient/option rich, like wether to use a wooden or metal stock, maybe even a synthetic one if you have the tech, what metal to make it out of? steel, straight up iron, cast iron??, aluminium, your choice."
opzhvj,A game with a hangover type premises,"A nice, simple idea. Take a load of randomly generated scenarios with variables like ""at (location) you did (action) with (item) to/with (person)"" and huge list of those variables and you have a scenario, and take 5 or six of these random scenarios and you have the entire timeline of the previous night. \n\nThe story is, on a Saturday morning, you wake up hungover with no memory of the night before, and have to make your way around a free roaming city trying to price together what happened the previous night in order to retrieve something (we'll just say your wallet or something)\n\nYou have 48 in game hours (because your character has to work on Monday at an unspecified office job) to work out what happened by finding clues around an open world city for example, you've woken up with a statue from the park and have to go to the park and ask around, maybe sneak into the security hut to find the CCTV, or maybe you left another clue there like your jacket with a takeaway menu from a restaurant in the pocket, thus sending you to your next location.\n\nDue to your character still being technically drunk, you can't drive anywhere, and you have to make your way around on public transport or maybe doing little side missions for friends in return for a lift here and there, or can encounter a bicycle or something. For the first few hours of the game, navigation and conversations ( multiple path conversations with a skill level that slowly rises as the hangover wears off) are harder until you've completely sobered up.\n\nIf you fail to locate your wallet in time, the game ends with you being unable to get to work on the Monday and your boss angrily ringing up to fire you. If you DO manage to find it in time, you manage to get to work where a coworker comments on you looking rough and your character saying something like ""I've had a crazy weekend, this is what happened.."" as the voice becomes muffled and the camera pans over a newspaper on a table summarising your hijinks, your general stats of the playthrough etc, all in a front page story and when you've pressed next, your co-worker grabs the paper saying ""better shred this so the boss doesn't see it"" implying you'd have been fired if they knew.\n\nThat's it generally. I think it could be a fun game in any format. Phone, VR, console, whatever.and with the amount of variables, each playthrough  would be completely different, and if it's done with comical variables, the end result of each scenario can result in a hilarious situation."
opycy4,Evolution Game,"I've had the idea kicking around for awhile regarding a game that allows you to build the world's ecosystem and watch as it plays itself out. This game could be incredibly simple, or Ark/NMS level complex.\n\nThe basic idea is this: Using an options menu, you can design plants and animals, selecting where they go on the food chain, their habitat, etc etc. Once you have created your creature, it becomes an actual mob on the games planet, and you can watch as it flourishes or dies out, depending on whether the ecosystem it prefers is strong enough to support it making its own niche.\n\nFor example, I want to make a large pachyderm herbivore, which lives in savannas and eats exclusively a shrub-esque grass I've already created. I have to use my judgement on when to introduce this creature, because if there is not enough of this wild grass they will die out. If there is too much grass, the herbivores population will explode to the point the grass is driven extinct, followed closely by our lovely papcyderm.\n\nSay that second scenario takes place, Pachyderms are multiplying rapidly while their food source dwindles. Time to create a carnivore to balance out the systems. Rinse and repeat until you have created a stable ecosystem. \n\nThere could also be random events such as natural disasters, disease, and other circumstances that throw a curveball at your perfect balancing act.\n\nThoughts?"
opxsbv,Tarzan game in the style of Spider-Man,‘Nuff said.
opwp93,arena FPS where gravity shifts to where you look,
opwh0o,Need help with Game Mechanic ( Nuclear throne etc style ) - Tales,"&amp;#x200B;\n\nHi Guys. I always hang around here and must say what a great community.!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo my game story Idea has been set out. It takes place in very tales.\n\n   \n**Story**  \nTales  of the world has been forgotten. But there is a reason for it. They all  have been captured and only a few left. When the last story characters  has been captured the offering will start and the BAD ENEMY WARLORD NAME  HERE will cross the tales realm to our realm to enslave all mankind.  \n\n\nPlayer  enters this lost library.  First he find a open book. ( Tutorial  mission ). Player enters and start going thru levels like Nuclear  throne.  Every enemy you kill gives you some part of the missing pages  in the book ( XP ) until your player Transforms into the Character of  the  Tale he is in ( Acting as a second live ). If the player looses a  life  he will transform back into a normal character. Save the Librarian  who is actually a Wizzard tasked to protect the Tales. ( Or Is he )  \n\n\nPlayer is tasked to save some of the key Tales. as Follow.   \n\n\nPlayer enters **Robin Hoods Book**. When gaining XP he will turn into the **HOOD** for  the second life and for a 3rd Live the player can randomly turn into  any of the unlocked characters. Final boss for area ( The Sherrif ).  Beat him and the HOOD is unlocked and in the Library.  \n\n\nThen player enters **Wonderland**. Enough XP and Player turn into **ALICE**....  \nHave perma death with somethings carrying over.  \n\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nGot some more level ideas. But you get the flow of things. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThat was my concept. But Now thinking my XP idea is jsut bad... Dont like it,  Player can't choose character.\n\nThe problem. The Game Mechanic. What is the mechanic. It has no mechanic.... Just a twin stick shooter at this point. I have some prototypes already.  Will post some screenshot below. Generic gameplay.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMechanic Ideas for a twin stick shooter? \n\n* Player tendency has good and bad? Yes a mechanic but what is the implication of good and bad in the games context?\n* Give some reason for the player to shoot and not to shoot? Limited ammo? Get charged by stands with books on it at random points? Enemy drops pages that is health or ammo? Other wise the game can just constantly shoot.\n* Collect Something on each level? Wait this is not a mechanic.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nA crap really need your help!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&lt;blockquote class=""imgur-embed-pub"" lang=""en"" data-id=""WByHdJS"" data-context=""false"" &gt;&lt;a href=""[//imgur.com/WByHdJS](//imgur.com/WByHdJS)""&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;&lt;script async src=""[//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js](//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js)"" charset=""utf-8""&gt;&lt;/script&gt;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&lt;blockquote class=""imgur-embed-pub"" lang=""en"" data-id=""0YcebIE"" data-context=""false"" &gt;&lt;a href=""[//imgur.com/0YcebIE](//imgur.com/0YcebIE)""&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;&lt;script async src=""[//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js](//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js)"" charset=""utf-8""&gt;&lt;/script&gt;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&lt;blockquote class=""imgur-embed-pub"" lang=""en"" data-id=""nuKTzJ3"" data-context=""false"" &gt;&lt;a href=""[//imgur.com/nuKTzJ3](//imgur.com/nuKTzJ3)""&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;&lt;script async src=""[//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js](//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js)"" charset=""utf-8""&gt;&lt;/script&gt;"
opvx83,Let's Destroy Everything!,The idea is to have levels full of items and tools(from baseball bats and crowbars to rocket launchers. There are two game mods:\n\n1. Normal: There's a time limit and you have to destroy as much as you can. Each destroyed item yelds a score.\n\nYou have to have a certain score before the time ends to pass the level. Some tools are locked at first.\n\n2. Cheat: There's no time limit and no score. You can destroy everything or just quit and choose another level.\n\nAll levels are fully unlocked. All tools are unlocked.
opuonq,A dog agility racing video game!,"Feel free to use this idea\n\nI don’t know whether or not you’re familiar with dog agility races, but they’re really fun to watch. Dogs are timed as their handlers lead them through an obstacle course that includes ramps, cones, slalom poles, tunnels, bars to jump over and more. In these competitions, dogs usually race one at a time, and they’re scored based on accuracy and speed.  In the game that I envision, the obstacle course is larger, wider, and designed for up to 8 dogs to race at once. This means that there would be multiples of some things like several lanes for the pole weaving, larger tunnels, and wider ramps.  If an obstacle is missed, then the dog doesn’t lose points for it, but must go back and re-do it. The first dog that reaches the finish line wins.  Also, in this game the handlers are absent, so it’s just the dogs on the agility course.  In each game, the layout of the course should be different, and the placement of the obstacles should be different. Some games might even include pools that dogs need to swim through.\n\nThere should be numerous breeds of dogs. The more the better. It’s possible that the game could be designed so that different breeds have different running speeds and different maneuverability stats, but it might be a better idea if all dogs are equal.\n\nPlayers can either play against the computer, or log on to Dog Net and race against other people. If friends want to log on and play against each other, then they can create their own private game. When you log onto Dog Net, you can either join a public game, or start your own private game where others can join if they have your password (which you would create when you start the game). \n\nAs far as controls are concerned, this game requires several buttons, so it would be best on either a computer or a gaming system. The joystick or arrow keys can orient your dog in any direction, one button would be for running in the direction that you’re aiming, and one for jumping. The height of the jump would be based on how long you hold the jump button down, which is important since some obstacles would require higher jumps than others. When you take your finger off the running button, you will come to a stop.  If the controller has the right buttons, then there could also be side buttons that enable the dog to veer right or left, which would help in the slalom poles.\n\nThe background can be in an outdoor grassy setting, in an indoor stadium, on the beach, in the snow, or in the city.  Backgrounds can be chosen randomly, or by the player that initiates the game.\n\nAs an extra, there should be a dog library tab with information on all the different dog breeds.  This should be accessible from the intro screen.\n\n[https://i0.wp.com/www.dgpforpets.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Canyonview-Sheltie-shelties-puppy-shetland-sheepdog-Kelowna-BC-CKC-Canadian-Kennel-Club-dog-breeder-Penticton-Kamloops-British-Columbia-Saskatoon-Saskatchewan-Alberta-Canada-agility-161.jpg?ssl=1](https://i0.wp.com/www.dgpforpets.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Canyonview-Sheltie-shelties-puppy-shetland-sheepdog-Kelowna-BC-CKC-Canadian-Kennel-Club-dog-breeder-Penticton-Kamloops-British-Columbia-Saskatoon-Saskatchewan-Alberta-Canada-agility-161.jpg?ssl=1)"
opuit3,Would this be good RPG battle mechanics?,"It's how I thought of battles and how you level up, imagine it being a turn based RPG like Lisa or off. But you can see what the enemy will do next turn, all it's stats and how much damage it will do and its effects.\n\nThe catch is your equally as weak or weaker than them, but you might have a few skills up your sleeve, you might have a skill that can turn the battle. And you don't get stronger as you level up, you just gain more skills. (As life is in general)\n\nA example is that You can hit harder for more mana or cure a debuff. The battle's winner is on who can adapt the most, prevent the enemy from dealing to much damage or applying to much buffs or debuffs.\n\nAs you level up you can do the same as the enemies but it's a test to see who can do it better, they might have better buffs and stats but you can see what they can do and about to do next turn.\n\nThought it would require alot of playtesting, I would like to see a game like this happen. Would gladly help with ideas to."
opsjml,A cookie clicker game that clicks for each unsubscribe from website cookies (mobile and pc),
oprz06,Red Rectangle Rampage (a meme game tbh),"Red Rectangle Rampage would be a 3D platformer starring a Red Rectangle (no joke, it’s just a red Rectangle.). I’ll call him Red.\n\nRed would go through different levels and worlds with different gimmicks and weird textures and memes. A common theme is Dream. There would be 8 worlds and 8 levels in each.\n\nThe main baddie is a giant Cylinder that reads, “Ur Mom is Dumb,” and is named Jeffrey. In order to defeat him you must push Dream’s Manhunt Videos at him. First encounter (1-8) would require 1 video pushed, Second (5-8) would require 3 videos pushed, and The final (8-8) would required 5 videos.\n\nJeffrey would have little spherical goons that do certain things depending on their color.\n\nPink ones charge at you, Purple ones throw balls at you, Blue ones have a diamond sword, green ones explode on impact, etc.\n\nThere would be Mini Bosses as well, One for each world. I can explain more in the comments if wanted. I don’t want the post to be too long!\n\nGimmicks I’ve imagined so far are buttons that spawn a timed bridge for 10 seconds, moving platforms, cannons with the Dream logo (inverted) on them, crate buttons, and doors that must have something done to open. \n\nJokes would include Among Us, Dream (logo, smp, catchphrases, videos, etc.), corrupted texture, Minecraft mobs, world problems, etc.\n\nIf the player falls off the level or gets hit, they would explode. There should also be a button for it.\n\nIf anyone needs more info for development or just plain curious (most likely second option), let me know where and I’ll go into more detail.\n\n(If I messed up flairs, let me know and I’ll fix them)"
oppydp,A multiplayer survival horror game where spooks trigger for individual players separately.,"What if the scares/events in a multiplayer horror game didn't always trigger for all players, but sometimes only one or two at a time? e.g. one player experiences a jumpscare, but the other three only see/hear a normal environment. If done right, this could mix in disorientation and uncertainty into the multiplayer experience and give the effect of some, or all, they players going mad (""What do you mean you didn't see it?? It was right there!"")\n\nThis idea could be expanded on too. Perhaps the clues of the game could give each player conflicting information, creating ingroup tension as the players try to work out who has the real answer. Maybe a random minority of players can see the monsters while the others can't, so they have to act to warn/protect their friends."
opphek,Is my game idea worthwhile?,"Basically, my game would be a 2d twin stick shooter where the focus would be on guns. You'd kill an enemy that would spawn out of a portal and that enemy once killed would drop a random gun. You'd have to use that gun and the player would be forced to move because of the random spawn positions of the enemies. The main idea is that the amount of guns would determine points (if you have a certain amount of points you'd go on to the next level),. Also, the gun you'd have would change the gameplay (affecting how you'd take out the enemies, etc.).  Different levels would feature different scenes (ex. hell, ice desert, et.) and different enemies.  The main scene itself (present in every level) would be a platform type scene.\n\nWith all that said, my questions are...is that a type of game you would actually want to play? Is it fun enough? Is it reasonably scoped?(I'm thinking of making the game solo and in just a few months.)  Would be nice to see what you think along with your constructive criticism."
opor49,The game about sandwiches and shootouts...,"The game is called sandwich 2, the sequel to sandwich. It starts in the a sandwich shop. A customer comes in and gives you an order. You have a short time to review it, then the countdown begins. You have a very limited time to make the sandwich, its a speed run style game. If you make the sandwich in time, the customer pays you and leaves, but if you don't finish in time or mess up the order then that customer will appear in the final shootout. There is 10 orders in the day, and in the end the customers who's sandwich you messed up come to attack you. For example, if you mess up all 10 orders there is 10 people attacking you, but if you only mess up 1 then only 1 person attacks you, giving incentive to try and get it right. In the final shootout, everyone has guns. There could be different types of customers who have pistols or rpgs and so on, but if you win the fight then you keep the money you made that day which you can use to upgrade your restaurant, but if you die then you lose the money and have to try again. If you get all the sandwiches right in the day then there is no shootout and you keep the money you made + a 20% bonus. When upgrading your restaurant, you can upgrade it normally, like new kitchen appliances or tables which could give bonuses like a slightly longer time to make the sandwich, or you can buy things to help with the shootout  like turrets or bulletproof glass, or you can buy guns for your load out that you can access during the shootout. \n\nI know its pretty dumb but thats kind of the idea, and it could be fun. What do you think, and do you have any more ideas for it?"
opmoha,an adventure/horror game from my dreams!,"I saw this in one of my dreams a couple years back and it was such a good dream,it stood with me since. I recently dreamed it again and remembered it again now that im browsing the sub. *Long post ahead!*\n\nI am mainly looking for improvement and extra ideas as i was planning to make this game myself. Heres the idea: \n\n##Story\n\nYou are a highschool student and you are on a school trip to a old manor for a couple days. The manor is filled with mysteries and puzzles and the guy that runs the manor is a really weird guy. (Its like Harry Potter and his school dynamic) \n\n##Mechanics\n\n&amp;gt; These were all in my dream so dont blame me please.\n+ Its like a Persona day/night system, you hang out with your school friends, eat your 3 meals, join tours, follow your teachers, dont be suspicious. when the night falls and you guys go back to your guest house, your adventure begins. You sneak into manor, check each room by room find some codes, avoid staff/owner, solve puzzles, basic horror game stuff.\n+ You find some weird things happening, stuff disappearing overnight. You have to ability to tell these stuff to any of your school mates. They all have different buffs/debuffs to give you. Some might not believe, your roommate might cover for you during day so you can go on extra adventures, tech friend might give you cameras, lock picks. However the game gets harder the more people you tell, the owner gets suspicious of you over time, he stumbles into you at night etc etc.\n+ New mechanics/enemies introduced overtime like a hidden part of the house behind a bookshelf/under a shed. \n\n##Video\n\n+ I dreamed this with Thief(2011) graphics but something like Hello Neighbor also makes sense. \n\nSorry for the long post! Tell me what you think of this please!"
opln4k,Battle of The week peeps,Inside of the game there is a store and\n\nEight houses\n\nEverybody has their own servers\n\nInside of every house there is a glass table that has two people inside of it\n\nAnd they make more people but do not show this\n\nBasically you control all the people who are inside of the glass table\n\nAnd you tell them what to events on whether be weaponry or something else\n\nThis is a fighting game\n\nAlso you pick one character that you can control inside of the fight\n\nThere is no story\n\nIt is just you and eight friends being able to build your civilizations\n\nThat are inside of your glass table\n\nAnd then you can fight\n\nYou can also play on different servers\n\nThere is 33 houses\n\nAnd one person every house making their own civilizations\n\nBut no matter what two people will always survive
opl9m2,A fighting game that seems like any other fighting game but with a twist.,Ok I don't know if this is possible but basically a fighting game where you fight and stuff and then there is a tournament mode and the final boss is a difficult fight but after you beat him he goes back in time even if your game registers the win because he is a time travel and then you have to fight him again and then your fighter defeats him and destroys his time traveling device and then brutally executes him mortal kombat style and he never appears in the game again.
opkqm6,Robot Logic Gladiators,"I’ve had the idea to try and make a small robot battling game from a top down 2d perspective. The game’s main focus would be basically simple robot battles in an arena. Along with typical gear or equipment upgrades that make up the physical bot, you also get a range of AI gear with attached actions like enemy or obstacle avoidance, dodging, attack logic etc. As you advance you can fill more logic slots and build more complex behavior. \n\nThoughts?"
othn6c,Proposition de jeu Seconde Guerre Mondiale,"J'ai pensé à un jeu se déroulant en pleine guerre mondiale dans un camp de concentration nazi. Le joueur incarne un prisonnier et celui ci doit tout faire pour s'en échapper. Le jeu retrace les lieux et les conditions de vie du camp. Le prisonnier a possibilité de fabriquer des pièges au nazis, récolter des armes, de sauver des camarades, de se cacher pour échapper à d'éventuels tortures. Le joueur peux également discuter son entourage pour pouvoir remporter des missions et le conduire à sa libération. Que pensez vous de cette idée ? Merci de m'avoir lu."
otgnc2,Proposition d'un jeu basé sur l'actualité,"J'ai eu une idée de jeu portant sur un sujet d'actualité. Il s'agit des violences faites aux femmes. Le principe est le suivant : le joueur se met dans la peau d'une femme et celle ci doit s'échapper de la relation avec son conjoint violent. Ce jeu est en monde ouvert ( open world) permettant au joueur de se déplacer librement dans une ville, d'accéder à tout type de bureaux administratif ( cafétaria, banque, police, palais de justice, associations). Le joueur a pour objectif de choisir ses réponses lors de conversation avec les différents personnages, trouver des indices et récolter des points pour pouvoir avancer dans la mission. La jeune femme peut être confronté à des violences faite par son conjoint ou un autre personnage afin de montrer la scène, de sensibiliser sur ce sujet. Le joueur est libre de ses mouvements, les points accumulés se présentent sous forme d'argent pour dépenser dans divers objets : voitures, motos, vélos, appartement, animaux, cours de judo, karaté. Merci de m'avoir lu."
otg8wz,Dungeon crawler but the core mechanic is social interaction with your characters/heroes,"So recently I started to notice that a lot of popular game ads (like RAID Shadow Legends) use the same idea: Player interacts with their heroes/champions/whatever as if they were real people. Like a woman who got mad at her hero who failed in a dungeon, or a hero whk got jealous and upset because player chose other hero to play, or player who decided to discuss strategy with their current hero right before a raid, etc. You got the idea\n\nGame idea in short: dungeon crawler manager simulator where you don't play as heroes but interact with them. Meta 4-wall-breaking talks\n\nGame idea in long: You obtain/buy heroes to raid dungeons (or take part in battles, there can be multiple choices), but you don't play as them. You socially interact and establish connection with them, and that's directly responsible for their performance.\nYou can just small-talk with heroes, comfort/punish them if they fail, cherish/ignore their successes, heroes can get jealous if you use them less than others or feel bad if you don't use them at all, etc, etc. There are tons of situations you can think of.\nHeroes should be manually made, but I think it's also possible to generate them from archetypes presets and random individual quirks (like arachnophobia, love to alcohol, lack of self criticism, etc)\n\nI imagine the game to be text-based with pixel graphics and dynamic dungeon raids like in fallout shelter"
otfy48,Open world zombie game,"It’s an open world zombie game but with the entire continental U.S. as the map.\n\nEach of the regions (I.e. the mid west) are a starting area with advantages and disadvantages, such as the mid west having better farming and wood to work with but less mineable resources.\n\nThere would be a weather system with a temperature system as well.  In colder places you have to where more clothes to stay warm, which would give you more protection from zombie bites but you move slower, and the opposite in warmer places.\n\nIn each state there would be the counties as well with a boss type zombie in each.\n\nYou can also pick a place to start a town which can be expanded with different types of buildings with some being unlocked in the later game.\n\nThe zombies would have a noise detection system where loud noises like gun fire will attract hordes of them, but in the later game you can find and make suppressors and find sub sonic round, with out the sub sonic rounds it will attract small groups of zombies and with them only the ones near you.\n\nIt will have the option of online multiplayer with 100 people.\n\nFor major dlc it will have Hawaii and Alaska with their own hardships."
otekrc,Looking for unique swordplay mechanics..,"I’ve been working on my game for a while now, it’s a semi realistic medieval fantasy game. To sum it up, some aliens take over your village and you end up with some of their weaponry (mainly sword).\n\nHere’s where i’m struggling.. I have no ideas for fun mechanics with the sword that would really incorporate the futuristic vibes. Let me know if this isn’t the right place to ask this kind of question and where i could if you know. Thanks in advance!"
otdygt,RPG Concept, Concept badly summarized. I wanna make a Shenmue type game but for modern computers. It would have second screen technology such as using a smart phone linked to the console via bluetooth while the main action happens on the big screen.\n\nThere's a one player aspect to it but you explore the same cityscape with other avatars with similiar goals to yours.\n\nI reference Shenmue because that game was a trainwreck in execution to an extent but created its own niche of interacfive storytelling within the media of video games.
otb25l,Make Sims-like NPCs in a GTA-style game - set it in the future. Fund it plz.,"Game Idea : You take the core GTA experience and strip literally everything away because you're a piss poor indie and cannot make a GTA game. What are you left with, some driving physics, a third-person character, a world - wait... thats still a GTA game LOL... kinda... but a very very low-bar one.\n\nWe take that low-bar GTA and make the NPCs not ghosts that de-instance, but actual TRACKED AND RECORDED AND SIMULATED entities with health, hunger, thirst, etc.\n\nThen you just take that and wrap an economy around it, bing bang boom and you've got a more dynamic GTA that an indie can make in the basement.\n\nFund it plz : https://youtu.be/4QU9iV0uEqY"
ot9l4b,forging game,"Would it be possible to make a blacksmith simuator?\nnot the shitty casting variation, but the real thing. you have a block of hot steel and can manipulate it with an hammer as you wish. You could expand that in sooo many different ways. more tools than just a hammer, mining simulator or if you are crazy enough build a whole game around it (medieval open world) with a fleshed out combat system (maybe similar to mordhau) \n\nthe only problem i see is to calculate the structural integrety (should it break?) how much dmg does it deal? and so on.\n\nthoughts?"
ot7czt,Game idea number uno.,An asteroid-esque game based on No man's sky where you are a planet destroying atlas.
ot5tot,Arcade space shooter in an unstable solar system.,"Giant, unstable solar system. \n\nSome maps have one sun, some have 4. Tons of planets, and moons, asteroid groupings, each one rotating about another, with a past and future trajectory given after scanning. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBut here's the catch! They haven't reached their stable orbit yet, so as the game progresses, everything smashes into eachother making crazy plasma ourbursts when the stars collide, and giant rock fragments when the planets or moons collide!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBut, the effect of gravity is made extreme. Slingshot maneuvers around the planets, etc. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMassive game rooms, 25-50 people, it's top-down and 2.5D (3D but on a fixed plane), with squads of 5 people. \n\n\--\n\nI'm working on a project now, but when I finish this one up in 6-12 months, I'll need a new idea. What do you think of this one?"
ot5n9r,Martial art fighting character ideas,"What's a good way to have a badass old grizzly martial arts villain feel more intimidating who runs a martial arts tournament with deadly fighters and supernatural creatures than just being a regular karate or kung fu fighter, even with chi powers? And how could a female muay thai spider demon be a secret assassin?"
ot4pyo,How can I make this better???,"Hi everyone!\n\nI am working on the core gameplay of my last game, and I am having a hard time making it as exciting as possible; I tried to focus on just the core gameplay. What can I do to make it more exciting before adding other features???  \n   \nLink to the gameplay video:\n\n[https://youtu.be/0pktEfKHoE0](https://youtu.be/0pktEfKHoE0)"
ot2x0t,You are a soul escaping from hell... and heaven...,"Essentially, you're dead... in case you didn't figure that bit out by the title... But, rather than just ceasing to exist, or going to either heaven or hell, you go to both. Your soul gets torn apart, and the good bit goes up, and the bad, down.\n\nThe beginning cut scene shows a brilliant white sliver of a person in heaven, confused, and scared because he has no memory, and doesn't know what's happening. Having done very little good in their former life, most of their memory is with their other half. He or she is in heaven, but barely, a fragment of their former self, tormented.\n\nThe actual game begins in a flesh cage in hell, where most of you exists, a red-ish, brown-ish murky husk, with memory mostly intact. You must try and escape, reconnect with your other half, and try to destroy both planes of existence.\n\nYou can't kill anything. They're as dead as you are already. You can, however, stun other souls, and can eat their souls (hint hint, there's a reason why most of you is in hell) to gain sanity (health), and mana (experience) you can sell to bargainers for access to abilities only demon generals are allowed to use.\n\nIt's designers preference, but I see this as more of a side scroller platformer.\n\nSkills might include;\n\n* grappling arm (your ""arm"" extends, and grabs something above, Bionic Commando style)\n* melt (you fall into a puddle of... well, it's gross... You can get under obstacles, and creep up walls)\n* ""oil"" slick (essentially... you projectile... uh... this one's gross, too. Anyway, the other souls slip and fall down.)\n* devour (you become a mouth on legs, and eat anything in front of you, even without stunning them)\n* bolt (you send a piece of you like an arrow at your victim, and it comes back to get reabsorbed)\n* blob (you expand into a big blob of funky slime, and cover a bunch of victims at once, slowly killing them, but taking damage as they fight back)"
ot28kd,Anti-RPG,"Yesterday i got idea for RPG genre deconstruction. \n\nNot all enemies will be killable. Sometimes you need to run away, sometimes you need to avoid contact with they, sometimes you need a special type of weapon to give damage, etc.   \nYou actually need *to search* information about each creature (in books, letters or by dialog with NPC) to know their weak sides. This allows you to build a tactic and keep you character alive.\n\nIn ordinary RPGs you need to kill enemies to gain XP. In this case, XP would be getting by *getting knowledge* about your enemies.\n\nThis would be a nice anti-RPG, where you don't need to kill every enemy creature with your sword/bow/magic."
osz5gl,8: A Left 4 Dead-like not for the squeamish.,"So this is one that's always had a warm spot in my heart. In the off chance someone picks this idea up I'd love to be involved, even if it's just as a tester or something.\n\nAnyway, the concept is simple: A PvE asymmetric shooter (ala Left 4 Dead or Vermintide) with giant mutant spiders.\n\nThe beauty part is that nature provides plenty of unique spider concepts to use!\n\n-Tarantula/Sydney Funnel Web: The tank. Big, bruting, and highly aggressive.\n\n-Trapdoor: Ambushes passing players. Highly dangerous but weak in protracted combat.\n\n-Spitting: Spits a blast of sticky webbing that immobilizes a player.\n\n-Ogre Faced: Hangs over a path and rapidly repels down, snatching a player in a web net. \n(Google this one! The thought of that face diving down out of the darkness is what inspired this whole concept.)\n\n-Jumping: Smaller spider, stalks players and uses rapid jumps to take down targets. Basically a Hunter from L4D.\n\n-Portia: This one mixes things up. A jumping spider that hunts other spiders. Easy to confuse with a standard jumper but actually beneficial to leave alive.\n\n\nThis list could go on for hours but, I think you get the point. I think a game like this would make for hilarious let's play fodder, especially blind playthroughs!"
osys8s,local multiplayer party game ideas?,"I always loved games where I compete against my friends on the xbox on one screen. A good example is ""gang beasts."" Im trying to make a low poly local party game so I can play with my friends but I can't think of anything good. I tried several times but none of my ideas were fun, or was too similar to other games. If anyone have any ideas please share!"
osw2pf,A racing game... through an asteroid belt (and other space hazards).,"Not gonna bury the lead: It's a game idea inspired by Star Wars and Star Fox. Except instead of playing the good guy, the racers are all playing the bad guys (that are trying to catch the good guy before anyone else) through asteroid belts, canyon runs, erupting planets and active warzones between destroyers.\n\nThe players are part of a bounty hunting force for some space federation, and you're all competing to catch rebel bounties. At the start of a race, you're all launched from a dropship and the chase is on for a single ace rebel pilot. You and your fellow hunters pilot a special ship equipped to grab another ship. The rebel pilot is AI controlled and will take any route it wants through the relatively open (but extremely treacherous) zone.\n\nThe zones are dangerous. Most of your piloting skills are used to just stay alive. Asteroid belts are littered with crashing rocks, deep winding canyons have falling debris, and huge space battles force you to dodge massive laser canons as you weave through turrets and broken hulls. If you crash, you're immediately kicked out and sent to the next multiplayer lobby for a new race, everyone else gets to keep racing.\n\nAs the race wears on, if the rebel isn't caught yet, the rebel runs out of boost and becomes a little easier to catch for the few remaining bounty hunters.\n\nP.S. And you get to engage in radio chatter with your fellow bounty hunters (until you crash and die)."
osv92m,What is a good environment for a horror game?,"I played outlast for the first time recently and I absolutely loved it.\n\nI want to make a horror game with the same idea of outlast where you can only run, hide or die but I'm struggling on coming up with a location. \n\nI don't want to have something like a forest or anything agricultural. I'm looking for a sort location that isn't anything cliche like a bunker or hospital. I want something that's unique and modern. \n\nSorry if I'm not giving enough information. Please ask if you need any more info to help.\n\nDon't worry about me making an outlast replica. That's one thing that I will definitely avoid."
osuosg,Multi-Universe Game Opposite world,A while back I was messing with the idea of a multi-universe puzzle game where in one dimension you are a jock with strength and in another you are the opposite nerd good with tech. I would like opinions on this prototype idea. Could a multiverse game like this work? You guys can use this idea for a game as well. I have a screenshot if you ask.
ostzd0,Help Me Decide Between Game Ideas,"I have two different game ideas and having a very hard time trying to decide which game idea to put my time into. Both games have a lot of the movement system. Both would be a top own isometric shooter.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n1. The first idea is a realistic ww2 shooter. Play through a campaign of ww2 as an American soldier. I really think the gunplay and camera perspective would make this an enjoyable experience\n\n\n\n2.  The second is a heist game. The game would consist of the play trying to pull of heists. You would   \nhave to scout out the heist, create a plan and execute the plan. Think you need an armored truck   \nto complete the heist? Go steal one from a base first and then you can now use it to pull off a   \nbigger and better one... hire npc contracts that have unique skills. Need a hacker to hack into the   \nCCTV cameras? Pay him a cut of the heist money and he will help\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nDo you guys think one ideas sounds better than the other, or how do you guys deal with having two ideas and choosing one to put a lot of your free time into?"
osrtf4,Black Reimagined as a RTFPS with RPG Mechanics (Realistic Tactical First Person Shooter),"\nThis is an idea to recreate Black (Originally created by Criterion Games and published by Electronic Arts). Black is the perfect title for EA to expand its game lineup and reach into new game categories.   \nThe game will run on a new engine (compared to the original) to be a realistic graphic intense game.   \n\n\nStory:  \nThe story will follow the original character Jack Kellar. As he moves through Russia on an anti terrorism mission involving the Seventh Wave. (Will follow the original game story for the fans).  \nMissions: The game will have 10-15 missions. Each mission will be its own linear/open world hybrid map that will take approximately 60 minuets to complete. Allowing players multiple ways to complete objectives. Killing enemy AI will change the AI behavior in the next mission. Killing more enemies will increase their awareness and if they are actively looking for the players or not.\n\nGameplay: The gameplay will have the players moving stealthy through the world as any sound can alert the enemy AI to the players location. Anything from foot steps, gun shots, looting, ads, and the sound of the environment being moved from the players (walking through bushes). Players will have to manage there own inventory, food, water, health and ammo. players will manually have to heal and load each magazine after it is emptied. (If you run out out ammo better hope the enemy you killed has the ammo you need) Will have a gun mount system similar to COD MW 2019.  \n\n\nInventory: Players will have to manage the weight of their equipment and loot in single player and multiplayer mods. More loot will increase weight which in turn will reduce players movement speed. Increased weight will also change player physics.  \nMultiplayer: Players will spawn into a match with the gear that they have bought, looted or started with. If a player dies in multiplayer any loot on them will be lost or looted from another player. If the player successfully extracts they will keep all the loot they had on them at the time of extraction.   \n\n\nMultiplayer modes: Several multiplayer filters will be available. Each will use the same loot that you have however the modes will not effect the starts that are used for skill based matchmaking. This will allow players to jump into different modes that might not fit the playstyle they prefer without effecting  other mode stats. (Slower paced players can jump into a fast paced mode which tracks players average movement without it changed there slower paced game mode stats). Speed modes track player skill and average player movement speed to put players with similar stats in the same lobbies. If a player joins a slow server and tries to move quick they can face server bans for gameplay disruption.   \n\n\nCampaign will support up to 4 player online co-op. Multiplayer will allow players to team up with a max party size of 4.  \n\n\nMaps: Campaign maps and Multiplayer maps will be very similar. This is to lower the starting difficulty and difficulty curve. Allowing players to get the feel of the game and map layouts in campaign before jumping in the multiplayer which has no map or navigation system. New maps will come out each new season (will not be based on the campaign maps and players will have to learn the map as they play).  \n\n\nWeapon Customization: Players will be able to customize every weapon in the game with high detail. Each weapon mod/attachment will change how the gun handles. Mod/attachments can change the ads speed, weight, recoil, etc. The type of ammo will also need to be taken into consideration. As player or AI armor might be stronger then the ammo being used.   \n\n\nControls: The button layout will be completely customizable for and will support multi button input actions. Example if A is jump and X is reload. A and X pressed together can be a completely different input. This will act as a hotbar for console players. Inventory UI will support analog navigation, D-pad navigation or a hybrid navigation. (players will be able to turn off specific UI navigation inputs so that the game will only allow one type of navigation) With quick move options to and from inventory slots (backpack, pockets, tactual rig, etc.) Button mapping will be available with the option to unbind any input that the player does not want. \n\nIt is recommended that console players use an elite controller for the extra 4 buttons on the controller. Allowing for greater immersion and usability."
osrt0c,Not sure if I'm in the right place but here's an idea,"After playing a round of Magic: The Gathering, I had an interesting worldbuilding idea. If the card game was mimicking a book or movie or game, what would the thing it's mimicking be like? (If you don't know the card game, it's this thing where you and your opponents fight against each other with spells and creatures until you remove all their life)\n\nSo here's an idea:\n\nMy image of MTG is set in a technologically advanced world, where the things in the card game are all facets of the past. You must travel the world to learn more about them, and by doing so you can unlock more and more cards.  \n\nThis would look pretty cool gamewise, but you need a whole lot of copyrighted stuff if it could be made into a game. And yes, it is a really simple concept, but there's a whole lot of possibilities, like having starter kits (begin as a thief, starting with some thief themed cards, or a student at Strixhaven, with more knowledge about sorceries and instants). \n\nYes, I know this is impossible in so many ways - the world would have to be huge to have enough space to store just a fraction of the MTG cards, there would definitely be some copyright infringement, etc. I didn't come here to see if anyone would do this, I came here to get an idea that's been bouncing around in my head out. \n\nAnyways, thanks for coming to my ted talk"
osr6lm,Ideas For A Souls-like Game,"Recently I’ve started making a “souls-like” game in unity, but as of now It is just a worse version of dark souls. Does anyone have any ideas to make it more unique?"
osr4dm,Chicken Game Story/Gameplay loop ideas,"Hi everybody,\n\nI have developed character mechanics for a chicken (jumping, flying, etc...). I am just looking for game ideas to turn this basic character controller into a full fledged game. I also made an experimental mechanic where the chicken can throw eggs. But that is experimental, your ideas don't have to include this. It could be like a wave shooter or something like a puzzle game (I probably am not smart enough to develop good puzzles, I would like to avoid this).\n\nThanks for any responders &amp; commenters!"
osq61c,Tower Defense vs. Mario Kart racers,"After some research, I think this type of idea would be classified as a parallel game mechanic. (Any game dev buffs who can educate me?)\n\nAnyschnitzel: this concept should be playable by a 1/4 ratio of players, I think.\n\nFor each 4 racers, there's 1 tower builder.\n\nAs in Mario Kart, the racers should race laps or finish first on an A to B map. In the meantime, co-op tower builders should build alongside the road where the players are racing in an attempt to eliminate all the racers before they finish.\n\nBuilders would have a top-down RTS view + racer-toggle spycam and racers the traditional FP or Third-person view, whilst receiving notifications of what the builders are scheming up ahead.\n\nYou could probably go nuts with customizations on both the builder side, as for the racers.\n\nWhat's wrong with this idea?"
osol5m,Game Where A 2D Platformer &amp; Top-Down Adventure Interact In Interesting Ways,"Two game windows on a computer’s desktop which are right against each other suddenly load up their games. The protagonists of each meet each other by talking through a speaker on both of the game windows. They eventually agree they want to break free &amp; explore other places on the computer, but the windows limit them. So, a plan is hatched to retrieve the powerful artifacts from each world &amp; use them against each other to generate enough power to destroy the windows. \n\nThe way the game works is it can be played in both single player or co-op. If played in single player, only one game can be played at a time. However, you always get to see both windows at once. This is where the connection comes in. If to say, a pipe was seemingly joined up between both of the windows, if one character threw an object through the pipe, the other character would receive it. &amp; if time was looped with a device again &amp; again, more objects would come out the other side.\n\nOver the course of the game, the two characters would progressively get to know each other better. By the end of the game, they will have naturally became good friends.\n\nSo what do you think of the idea? Please tell me in the comments if you have something interesting to add or say! Thank you!"
osjrzk,tips for an incremental game,"Hi !\n\nI would like to try to develop another genre than the one I am used to.\n\nI would like to create an incremental game like ""AdVenture Communist"" by Hyper Hippo.\n\nDo you have any advice to give me, ideas, or themes for the tycoon?\n\nThank you!"
osdxji,I need ideas for cozy games,"I want to make a game on par with stardew valley, spiritfarer, and a short hike. I don't really know how to describe the aesthetic but I've heard some games like it described as cozy, if anyone has any ideas or even mechanics there okay with giving up that would be great"
osd8xl,Sea of Thieves but Star Trek,"That's it. Not super complicated. \n\nYou get a ship in space. You fly around doing stuff for different factions. You fight stuff. Mostly in your ship. Get rep with like the Klingons and you can dress up like one, turn your ship into a Warbird. So on and so on. Maybe you bump into another ship near Risa and you go ham on each other with phasers and torpedos and you can transport onto the other ship and use your phasers to kill them all. Somebody in the engine room tryin to patch things up before a warp core breach and give the weapons more juice or something.\n\nAgain. Not complicated. Somebody make it happen, please."
osd13y,Card game Mana Mechanic,"So basically something like HearthStone or something but the ginmick is how the mana to play cards work.\nThe idea is heavily influenced by the idea that energy can not be created or destroyed but only changed. \n\nIn this game you use the mana from the surrounding enviroment to summon specific cards. The total amount of mana in the enviroment is constant, but there can be different types. Fire mana, water mana, earth etc.\n\nEvery card you play takes some amount of mana and outputs the same amount of mana. However the types can be different. So summoning a dragon might cost 10 earth mana, but it produces 10 fire mana. \n\nYou and your opponent are sharing the same enviroment. So after each turn the mana distribution can be radically different. Lets say the enviroment is a ocean biome. It starts with 50 water and 30 wind mana. You go first and play a card that costs 10 water mana but gives back 10 fire mana. When your opponent starts their turn they have 40 water mana, 30 wind mana and 10 fire mana to work with.\n\nYou could play around with different biomes and have different starting mana distributions.  This would encourage players to try different decks and strategies. \n\nOne potential issue i see with this is that because you always have max mana from the very beginning of the game, its harder to balance. The mana never dwindles. Its always there albeit in a different form.  A well constructed deck could easily abuse this.\n\nSome unique card abilities of this game would be creatures that could somehow affect the distribution of  the mana."
osbsc4,Need Help With Shooter,"I'm trying to develop a isometric topdown ww2 shooter. I'm having trouble trying to make my game ""unique"" or have some sort of reason to play it...\n\nAnyone have any idea how to make a ww2 game unique as there has been so many different ww2 games already developed... I'm primary asking for features or game modes rather than stories"
os9xw7,Need a game idea for a 2d game.,"I want to improve my skills in coding with unity c# by making some fun little game, wich I can't because I don't have any simple ideas for a game. If somebody could supply me with a list of fun little ideas (2d games preffered) that would be great. Oh and don't make the ideas to complex because I am not at that skill yet.\n\nI would also send the guy that gave me the ideas screenshots and the final build of the game if they want."
os9u6x,Need Game Name ideas,"I plan on making a Godzilla video game and I need game name ideas. Here’s the plot of the game:\n\nA Godzilla video game with the same (or even better) graphics as the PS4 game but has a story mode, an “Armageddon” mode, a multiplayer mode, and an online mode.\n\n\nStory Mode: Shin Godzilla, after internally freezing from the blood coagulant in the movie, finally thaws out, and rampages across the world. When he reaches the place where Destoroyah was incinerated, he breathes what remains of the freezing coagulant over Destoroyah, thus reviving Destoroyah. Now the two are terrorizing the world and have influenced other kaiju to do the same. So, with the kaiju of your choice, you have to fight the others through levels, and when you reach the final level, it’s a 2 vs. 1 fight between your kaiju, Destoroyah, and Shin Godzilla.\n\nArmageddon:\n\nThis mode consists of a last man standing brawl between the kaiju of your choice and 3-4 randomly selected, CPU controlled kaiju.\n\nNote: The CPU kaiju don’t all team up on you, they can/will attack each other too.\n\nI don’t think I have to elaborate on the multiplayer or online mode."
os8fm3,Need help with a ww2 game idea!,I want to make an isometric topdown 3d shooter set in world War 2. My issue is coming up with a game that has something unique about it from other games and a fun game play loop...\n\nAnyone have any ideas?
os7tly,Horror game im working on | A 10 minute walk,"Hi there people of reddit. \n\nSo i been brainstorming at the hardest the past few weeks for a game that i can develop in full time. Not just i make a couple of features and let the project be for 1 year and then come back to laugh at it. Something im going to finish. Okay enough of that you are here for my idea arent you :)\n\nOkay so bassicly i really wanna create a short horror game, not a long one. I saw a clip of someone who made a scene in a neighborhood in UE4 with rain, and it was night etc you get the vibe. I recently remembered that and i want to make a game out of it. Here is what i have so far\n\nYou get a call from your friend telling you to come over, and you agree so you can do x (play games, listen to music etc). Your mom tell you its dangerius since its night, but you tell her its just **a 10 minute walk**. See what i did there. I used the title. Now thats worth an upvote :D. Okay so you go, and along the way i wanna play on the phsylogical horror, so i dont wanna rush jumpscares and make another Five Nights at Freddys. Like suddenly a can tips over, you see a shadow or something. And thats where i am so far. I need some kind of story to tell along the way, and some more than just a can falling over to scare the player and make it intresting. So if you have any ideas let me know in the comments. \n\nIm planning to make this game myself so please do not use it :)"
os7d0i,Mechanics in a zany mystery RPG,"The team I'm working with are trying our hands at a humorous mystery RPG set in the early 1900s. We have a number of powerful characters the player will interact with/receive quests from/romance though I wonder about what the player is actually doing aside from fetch quests and going-here-to-talk-to-X.\n\nThere will be plenty of easter-eggs and characters to interact with and explore but my request here is about the mechanics of what the player is building for themselves. I think one of the draws with something like Stardew Valley is that although you're experiencing in-depth characters you're also making something that is your own. We have some of that but I want to put it front-and-center. So if you were playing an RPG with many mysterious/hidden elements to it, what kind of mechanics would draw you in?"
os6zvl,Unreal Engine 5 Beginner's Courses 85% OFF,"Hello everyone,\n\nMy name is Moustafa Nafei, and I am the founder of Titanforged Entertainment and developer of **Farmtale** on Steam, which is solely made on Unreal Engine 5.\n\nAs I do believe in the value of shared experiences, I have recently published **two up-to-date Unreal Engine 5 beginner courses 85% OFF** for those of you who are interested in game and level design and programming using Unreal Engine 5.\n\n**85% OFF for the first 10 students (CODE: UNREAL5)**\n\n[**Unreal Engine 5: Beginner's Course**](https://www.udemy.com/course/unreal-engine-5-beginners-course/?couponCode=UNREAL5)\n\n[https://www.udemy.com/course/unreal-engine-5-beginners-course/?couponCode=UNREAL5](https://www.udemy.com/course/unreal-engine-5-beginners-course/?couponCode=UNREAL5)\n\nMake your own game-ready level from scratch using Unreal Engine 5 Early Access. Upon completion, you will have a better understanding of level design workflow and the skills necessary to translate your own ideas for different game environments.\n\n**Intended for:**\n\n* Complete beginners with no prior experience\n* Game programmers who want to get into level design\n* Experienced game developers who want to brush up their skills\n\n[**Unreal Engine 5: Blueprints for Beginners**](https://www.udemy.com/course/unreal-engine-5-blueprints/?couponCode=UNREAL5)\n\n[https://www.udemy.com/course/unreal-engine-5-blueprints/?couponCode=UNREAL5](https://www.udemy.com/course/unreal-engine-5-blueprints/?couponCode=UNREAL5)\n\nMake a top-quality game without having to write a single line of code. You will have a solid base understanding of Blueprints that allows you to move on to more advanced scripting systems within Unreal Engine 5.\n\n**Intended for:**\n\n* Complete beginners with no prior experience\n* Game designers and artists who want to get into game programming\n* Experienced game developers who want to brush up their skills \n\nAs I am an indie-developer myself now working as a full-time pharmacist, I know the frustrations that can rise along the way. Just remember that we all started out as beginners. With patience and practice, you will get there without a doubt.\n\nBe a part of our community on [Discord](https://discord.gg/w74mXhP) and we will support you in every step of your journey.\n\nThank you so much for your time.\n\nI wish you the best."
os6mv1,"You play a bodyguard, following various NPCs and keeping them safe","A pretty generic idea that could be spun in different ways.\n\nThe VIP NPC you guard is a bot with several tasks to complete per map. They might switch the order, ask you for help, or worse, attempt to complete tasks themselves. Your goal is to stay close and keep them safe from environmental hazards, the public, and eventually, assassins.\n\nCould be serious or comedic. Could be in a modern city/town setting or a fantasy world. Maybe a royal prince needs to go out questing for glory and the king has secretly hired you to keep them alive and make sure the prince gets all the glory."
os6j4a,Looking for any sort of small game projects ideas to improve my game development skills,"I am looking to improve my skills using Unreal Engine and C++. I was suggested to make small projects to keep improving. However, I am having trouble coming up with game ideas so here I am.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo can you please suggest some small game projects I can work on?"
os54ad,Roguelike horror set in the backrooms,Anyone got any ideas for some mechanics I could add
os2u74,Looking for idea's for horror game puzzles.,"I'm working on a survival horror game, this will be my second survival horror game I'll be making.\nThe game will be released for mobile Android and iOS first, then after multiple updates, I'll make a PC version with altered graphics and similar gampelay.\n\n\n**Basic information about the gameplay:**\n\nThe gameplay will take place in an big abandoned abstract house. The architecture of the house is partly 'standard' but also contain some unlogical rooms / corridors and lighting.\nThe game's date is in the present.\nThe player's goal is to escape the house by solving puzzles while trying to stay alive and hide from the killer.\n\n\n**Short version of the gameplay's story:**\n\nYou (a young man) gets a letter from your long lost uncle. (You have never met him before.)\nHe asks you for help to upload his physical Bitcoin on the blockchain in the letter.\nYou and your girlfriend both know this is not possible, but your gf encourages you anyway to go and socialize with your uncle.\nAfter you enter the house, you are captured by your own uncle, it turns out he is a cryptocurrency daytrader and lost all his money by trading with high leverage.\nHe needs money so he aims to sell your organs to the black market. (He has done that with multiple other people.)\n\nThe gameplay starts in the house, you're captured and put in a homemade prison. \n\n\n**WIP screenshots of the game: https://imgur.com/a/hpYG4vf**\n\n**Previous horror game I've made: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljcSbNFIGPw**\nMy next game will be partly similar but with a darker atmosphere as shown in the screenshots.\n\n\n**My question for you guys. I'm looking for creative puzzles to fit in my game.**\nI'm not sure if I should call them puzzles, but here are some examples that I've used in the past or I'm going to possibly use in my next game:\n\n- Using pliers on an electric box, to cut off the power on a door that was locked using electricity. (After the user cuts the cable in the electric box, the door is unlocked.)\n- Creating a torch by finding a stick, piece of cloth and lamp oil. Then lighting up the torch using a stove. (The torch is used to light up candles for a ritual.)\n- Using gasoline + a lighter to create an explosion. (To destroy stones blocking a hallway.)\n- Using WD40 on rusty doorpins, so the player is able to open the door.\n- Finding a lever, placing it on the correct spot and toggling it. (By toggling the lever, a 'wall of electricity' is deactivated, so the player can continue it's path.)\n- Finding keys to unlock locked doors. / Finding codes to unlock padlock.\n\n**With the information that I've given, do you guys have any idea's on what kind of puzzles I could add to my game?**\nI'm open for all kind of suggestions, easy or hard ones, it don't matter.\nThough the decision if I'll be using the idea depends on the difficulty to solve (since children play my games mostly on mobile), if I like the idea, if it's fitting for the game and the hardness for me to implement. \n\n*For all the idea's that I'll end up using in some sort of way, I'll be gifting the user with a promocode to remove ads in my game when it's released and I'll gift a full PC copy, though the PC version will come out probably next year.*"
os1vtk,has any one actually made a game from an idea someone made that got popular in this sub reddit?,
os1uko,"the only thing i like about sunset overdrive, THE WEIRD AWESOME WEAPONS!","(this idea is not very detailed) So in this game, there are lots of weird weapons, and I like that, so it made the idea, it would be cool to have a game where there are like 100+ plus weapon parts and weapon bases, and you can create your own weird guns, like different combos and make cool guns, and you can do that with your melee as well?   \n\n\nI don't have much thought or layout of what else to do, but that's just an idea, and anyone can add other stuff to it. just thought this would be cool ESPECIALLY IF IT WAS A MULTIPLAYER PVP GAME!! that has combat like and it would be preferred it was 3d 1st or 3rd person."
os1qbe,Breaking bad type video game.," So this is my idea,  \nYou don't have to be Jesse or any character from the show and I don't want this to be some low-quality game that looks like the old mafia or GTA 3 or something. (no hate to those games I just hate that graphic style, the early 2000s look)  \nKind of like the meth stuff in GTA V online, but with much more detail and attention put into it. you can and it's a multiplayer game, where you can slowly upgrade your meth production and figure out new recipes by trying new ratios of different chemicals and processes, or even if you are experienced enough you can have different drugs in this game, cocaine, heroin, MDMA, kratom, or the dark shit, flakka, bath salts, krokodil... but those extra drugs arent needed, just an extra idea."
os1p6g,Breaking Bad type video game. (NSFW Illegal drugs),"So this is my idea,   \nYou don't have to be Jesse or any character from the show and I don't want this to be some low-quality game that looks like the old mafia or GTA 3 or something. (no hate to those games i just hate that graphic style, the early 2000s look)   \nKind of like the meth stuff in GTA V online, but with much more detail and attention put into it. you can and it's a multiplayer game, where you can slowly upgrade your meth production and figure out new recipes by trying new ratios of different chemicals and processes,  or even if you are experienced enough you can have different drugs in this game, cocaine, heroin, MDMA, kratom,  or the dark shit, flakka, bath salts, krokodil... but those extra drugs arent needed, just an extra idea."
os0fjh,Post limitation games MMO,"So I am fairly interested in this idea, \nHow i understand current MMO games \n\nPlayer POV\nComputer taking care of graphic while servers are getting data and sending feedback so the amount of data send and receive are minimal\n\nBut with current technology \nAint it possible to create a MMO server where individual player were log into the realtime world? As like watching stream and controling your character through that?\nOfc the limitation is connection speed to stream \nKinda like how many multiplayer game nowdays host and other just join\n\n\nReasoning\nThis way it would be possible to have 1 world structure that could be changing in real time\nAnd the world would be developed through hands of players\n\nExample the game would begin with 1 ruler (starting as paid job) to develop the area, it would be full time job and it would as well have limitation to resource what he can do, resource gathered by player through questing in exchange for other stuff \n\nThe combat system would be developed through individual progression and unlocks (no matter the balance) just the basic outline pointed out to be discovered and created (mb skill creation system) - could be special game development job like weekly updates to game system \n\nAs for world itself, it would be ever-changing with random events and no pre-prepared events\n(Sudden attack on the kingdom by lizard army) with very possibility of destruction of whole area with bad ruler\n\nThe resources of ruler (or their salary) could be influenced on  how successfull they are with governing and the expansion or anexing other area could be possibility, as well other becoming governer of some other area, as long as they could develop enough currency to add enough npc and build settlement with enough player to create government\n\n\nThe goal?\nMake money for governers\nFor player mb get paid, or becoming better in tournaments (no matter the balance), beat raidboss, enjoy crafting, sell your crafting item in exchange for real money\n\nMarket: created by player system\n\nQuestion, possibilities of real money transaction?\nFirst game currency would be foods, as food would be great buff item, but not necessary one, new currency could be introduced by players \n\nThe servers\nRegion divided\nChina\nJapan\nEurope\nEtc\n\nEach with their own development and way of progress\n\nMap development, real time changes, building stuff takes real time, \nBuild wooden house - need of axe - with enough dedication unlocks logger, carpenter skills, building house - unlocks builder mechanics, could be exchanged for rmt?\n\nMmo monetization\nBuy to play, 1 character per game copy (more impactful choice)\nBy good campaign with opening many paid job, could attract people interested\nAnd with growing population the game could be watched real life as all could be accessed through stream, and world itself would be changing in real time (stream limited only to character POV or to governor area of influence\n\nThe world itself might take time and good governing to be good, npc quest would be posted by governor, and people could post quest themselves, fairness ain't in game encyclopedia, created skills could be taught to other player by inherit skill system \n\nArgh i mean there could be many stuff done with how technology is nowdays, the game could as well be 2D to reduce the start jump but could later upgraded to 3D \n\nXD I kinda switched the topic xD sry"
orz94j,"""The Room""-like game dealing with antiques","So, I had a strange dream earlier this morning that was partly inspired by *The Room* game series.\n\n\n\nI dreamed that I was with this couple who were friends of mine.  We were at this yard sale and had bought a few antiquities.  I was interested in this wrought-iron table and chairs with its paint peeling.  Sand it up, repaint it, and it could go out in the sun room.  I think I said those exact words.  The wife ends up buying this late 19th/early 20th century wood burning stove.  I noticed it had all sorts of knobs and switches on it, and I immediately told them it was like the puzzle boxes in *The Room* game series.  Apparently they had never played them, and I told them, ""You have to push a knob here, flip a switch there, maybe spin a dial here, and then you reveal some treasure buried within.""\n\n\nSo, we got to work on the box.  I don't remember much of the puzzle solving, except there was one part where you had to install a lit candle (I told the husband it needed a lit candle; could be a regular candle or one of those LED tealights), and it would project some shapes on a wall.  I used a piece of a tortilla chip, which I placed in the candle holder and a piece of hay to light the chip.  Move the projector lens and it revealed a scrambled word:  LBREAR.  The letter were rearranging themselves before our eyes, like in the *Percy Jackson* movies when the Greek lettering was rearranging itself into English.  The answer was of course ""BARREL"".  I knocked out this little brick wall within the stove and pulled out an ash-covered barrel about the size of a football.  I tossed it to the husband and said, ""Here, solve this.""\n\n\nThat was where I woke up from the dream.\n\n\nPerhaps a game could be made where it involves not just a single antique, like the wood-burning stove, but a whole bunch of antiques.  A wood-burning stove, a steamer trunk, a highboy (type of dresser), a chifferobe/wardrobe, and a few other pieces of furniture or objects.  Each one is its own puzzle box, but they also contain pieces or elements that would help you solve one of the other puzzle boxes."
orytu2,I got a generic FPS idea that should just be a mod rather then a game,"Imagine a rising storm 2 like game/mod based around konfrontasi,an incident that occured around the time of the Korean war.The game will take place in between 1950-1955,the units involved would be the British SAS,the Aussie army,the Malayan Army,and the enemies would be the MPLA(Malay people Liberation Party)the guns involved would be post ww2 era guns,there would also be melee weapons,such as the keris"
orxhwt,An MMO where you actually make a difference.,"Recently I've been playing a lot of Fallout 76 and I'm enjoying it but the thing that gets me is that your presence makes virtually no difference at all.\n\nBy this, I mean that after 60 hours of gameplay, the settlers near me are still knocking in the same bit of wood and planting the same crop.\n\nSo I'm thinking of a FPS MMO where you actually do make a difference.  6 weeks / 1008 hours after server start, will be end of days.\n\nThe folk in the villages and towns will build defenses and things to help themselves **but** they won't leave because ""it's not safe out there"" meaning that you are the one who goes out into the wild to collect supplies, rescue lost townsfolk and in return, if you get enough positive karma, they'll let you stay in one of their houses.\n\nBeing an MMO there'll be a good number of villages and towns that need help, especially since no-one knows where the end of days portal is going to form and who survives to claim the reward (a boost for the reset of the server)."
orwsgp,Singleplayer management game idea request,"I'm looking for a mainly management game idea. I don't have a specific topic currently, which is why I'm asking for ideas. By management, I mean games like Project Hospital, Rimworld, Prison Architect etc. Expecting little graphics, nothing fancy (just like the examples earlier), since I'm a solo dev currently.\n\nThank you"
orvrmb,"A free-to-play arcade racing game intended for when you have nothing to play, bored at school, etc.","A racing game inspired by 90's games like Daytona USA,  Screamer and Sega Rally Championship.\n\nIncludes:\n\n6 tracks (3 circuit, 3 dirt)\n\n8 cars (2 dirt buggies, 2 rally cars, 2 stock cars, 2 Indy cars)\n\n4 game modes (single race, championship, time attack, split screen)\n\nfully 3-D graphics like in the 90's\n\nYou can add anything you want, you can mix n match and no credit needed, and if you would send a link for me, it would be appreciated!"
ortzrd,Overcooked style wave based shooter,"Basically overcooked except you work in a weapons factory instead of a kitchen, and the weapons you make each round are used to fight of a wave of enemies. The basic gameplay would go like this:\n\n1. You create guns from parts in a small factory in the center of the map (much like you make meals from ingredients in overcooked).  \n2. Once the timer is up, you only get the weapons/ammo you were able to make in time to fight the incoming horde."
ortojr,Like elemental 3 - but with factories and its a puzzle game.,"I have an idea for a game where you start with 4 factories - air, fire, earth, and water, and you use pipelines to combine element from 2 or more existing factories into a “blank factory” to create a new factory that creates new products. That’s the basic mechanics but the way the game is made should be a puzzle where you are given some element factories and some blank factories and from there you have to figure out how to make the target product. I think also having a free play mode would also be nice along with the main levels."
ors0na,(Repost) Coffee 2D Platformer,"My concept is you are a cup of coffee, trying to claim your right as the best beverage in the world. The game is presented in a classic pixel art style with solid black outlines. The character controls normally, with a double jump &amp; mid-air dash. \n\nYou would travel through different “levels” in each location, or “world” you visit. There are generally 5-7 levels in each world, filled with different hazards &amp; enemies suiting that location. For example, one level in a cafe’ world could feature bouncing around on computers like springs, while avoiding dangerous coffee stirrer enemies. Ideas for locations could be the aforementioned cafe’, a school, an office, etc. I imagine there would be 4 worlds in the game. At the end of each world, there is a beverage that must be defeated in a unique way. For the cafe’ world, you would fight milk, for the school, you would fight a juice box, &amp; for the office, you would fight an energy drink in a vending machine. \n\nAlong your adventure, you can collect coffee beans to unlock new skins, which can all be instantly brought with real-world money. Also, if you fail in a stage, you can simply revive by watching an ad. \n\nOverall, I think it’s a decent idea, &amp; much more accomplishable that many of the other ideas in this sub. Of course, some things will need to be changed to work, but be sure to tell me what you think. Thanks for reading!"
orpsn8,A wave based PvE but with some cool elements or story. Any ideas?,I've been looking for a good idea for a wave based PvE game. I've been brainstorming and none of my ideas have good and interesitng mechanics or elements.\n\nYou guys got anything?
orm81m,"Mods, do something, pls.","I'm a beginner programmer looking for an idea that could be made by, you guessed it, a beginner, this flair is misunderstood so much that it became ridiculous, half of the posts are post asking to review a person's game, ask for an idea instead of browsing the sub, and triple A ideas that have the beginner flair, just because someone thinks it's for beginner posters, not a beginner level game. Please, do something about it!"
orjd3o,Skill Tree,"You are climbing an actual tree, with branching pathes and abilities that allow you to climb higher. Replayability comes from different routes and abilities chosen since you only have a limited amount of points that you can assign to abilities that you reach."
orj79h,Geomancer Single Player Deck builder Board game,"You play as a Geomancer realigning Leylines that intersect through towns. These Leylines effect the world in different ways. Some make different crops grow better, some make monsters attack. Some make people happy, others make people sad. The Leylines HAVE to go somewhere. Its all about balancing the world. Naturally, this creates conflicts between different towns and people in each town.\n\nLeylines don't merely bend to mortal will. It requires very specific rituals. These rituals require conflict and competitions. Different intersections and lines have different requirements, but in general the ritual plays out a in a worker placement style board game. You have your own deck that you draw certain resources from. Each area will have different boards you place your workers on. Cards don't give victory points, only the board does. At the start of each ritual, each player picks their outcome and deck. Whoever has the most victory points gets the Leylines shifted how they wanted. \n\nDifferent Leyline configurations will change how the towns interact and eventually change how the boards are laid out. If neighboring towns are out of balance, one might invade the other and take it over or destroy a town. \n\nAnother way this could go is that there are 25 towns and 5 kingdoms. As the power is out of balance, the kingdoms will conquer different towns. If a kingdom has no towns, its defeated. You don't control any kingdom, but instead are manipulating the Leylines which shifts resources between towns and kingdoms, which in turn causes powerful kingdoms to take over weaker ones. This version would have one ending per kingdom and one ending were harmony is achieved."
orimun,One massive boss fight,"A 3D third person action game that is just ONE boss fight that takes about an hour when done right\n\nThe boss has randomized patterns that you need to learn, but everything is telegraphed. You need to learn the signals. You need to learn where to hide and how to evade each attack. You need to learn when you can attack. \n\nThe entire fight is incredibly unforgiving and intense. \n\nIt will require a fixed number of players. Lets say you have to have 4 players, each with a different role in the fight. Some roles get information that other roles need to use, so you HAVE to be in a voice call and you HAVE to call out to other people.\n\nI guess its like hardcore monster hunter, but just one monster"
ondjl8,You are a vampire in a zombie apocalypse in a post nuclear apocalyptic steampunk western wasteland were dinosaurs still exist.,"Not to be taken very seriously though, but I think there are not many games that combine a zombie apocalypse in a already apocalyptic setup."
oncl6i,What do you think about an RPG game that uses street view as the surroundings?,I’ve been experimenting with this in Java and it hasn’t worked well so far because I can’t work out how to show a webpage. So before I continue making this I would like to know if it’s something people want. What do you think of this idea and would you play it?
onc86f,Idea,Guys if i have a great idea will someone help me here to develop it?
onb45k,Kaiju Battle,"I'd love to see a single and multiplayer fight game set in the streets of various large cities and landscapes, where you fight each other as giant Kaiju.\n\nEach monster has their own unique traits and power-ups, of course.\n\nThe music and art style shouldn't be fresh and cool looking. \nThe art style and monster design should be super old school, based on old kaiju films and tv shows, where everything looks like a grainy miniature, and where the monster design is rad but is still clearly just a dude in a monster suit, with clumsy arm reach for punches and everything.\n\nThere should also be a single player story mode or 2 player battle mode where one player plays as a Kaiju whose objective is to destroy as much of the city before the other player, playing as Godzilla or UltraMan, can defeat them. \n\nI hope someone out there can do this."
on9p4n,What about an RPG that uses street view as the surrounding?,I’ve been experimenting with this in Java and it hasn’t worked well so far because it doesn’t support web pages well. So before I continue making this I would like to know if it’s something people want.
on8jne,Alien Invasion Kaiju Survival Terror,"Its a [game concept 3 years in the making](https://forums.unrealengine.com/t/exorion-survivor-alien-invasion-kaiju-survival-terror/107997) with sadly no game play to show for it, yet. But, we have all the procedural subsystems and customization worked out, and finally settled on a Hybrid Art Style of photorealistic environments &amp; human faces, with PBR voxel-inspired monsters, weapons, armor. vehicles. The time has come to put it all together.\n\nPremise\n\n1. A group of Humans struggle to survive in a world under attack by Colossal Alien Kaiju.\n2. A squad of Genetically Engineered Super Soldiers defend Earth against the forces of Alien Invaders.\n\nPolysymmetrical Gameplay Mechanics.\n\nPlay as:\n\n1. Survivor - *Rust meets Left4Dead*: Scavenge, Craft, Fight Alien Parasite Hordes, Avoid Destruction.\n2. Super Soldier - *Call of Duty meets Crysis*;  Use Powers and Ultra-tech Weapons to execute Military Campaigns to Rescue / Defend Humans, Destroy Alien Invaders.\n3. Alien Commando - Near Human-scale Alien Commandos stalk Survivors &amp; Military.\n4. Alien Daikaiju - *Mass Destruction*. Destroy the Environment, Terraform the Environment with your Parasites.\n5. Alien Kaiju Parasite Commander - Direct Hordes of Parasites to Infect Survivors/SuperSoldiers/Make Host, Build Terraform Generators."
on8hji,"Dragon’$ Gold: A Sci-Fantasy Co-Op, FPS Action RPG, Roguelike Dungeon Crawl, Treasure Hunt for Cash!","Dragon’$ Gold is a simple game of Mazes and Monsters, but, could be more elaborately described as A Fantasy-themed Co-Op, First-Person Action Role Playing, Roguelike Dungeon Crawl, Hack n Slash Treasure Hunt for CA$H. A Massive Labyrinth in which Heroes battle Monsters on a Quest to be the First to seize the Dragon’s Gold, a Virtual Treasure with a Real-World Ca$h Value!\n\nHeroes dispatch monsters with a combination of Melee (short range), Projectile Weapon (Moderate/Long range), and Magic (Area effect). Encounter a wide assortment of Monsters types from Titans to Hordes, each with their own behavior, movement patterns, and combat tactics utilizing multiple offense and defense strategies.\n\nCombat uses a ternary equal-opposite relationship between Elements (etc: Fire/Ice/Metal) to determine Attack/Guard effect for both Hero and Monster. Heroes must rely on strategy, memory, and each other to navigate the maze, solve puzzles, and defeat traps.\n\nBeat up Monsters, Grab Loot, Survive, Level Up, Unlock more powerful Weapons – Attacks – Guards – Skills – Spells – Achievements….Seize the Dragon’s Gold To Win the Cash!\n\nFeatures:\n\n* Progressive Cash-Driven Skill-based Monetization Model\n* Item Mall Cosmetic Enhancements\n* Procedurally Generated Mazes, Monsters, Weapons\n* Hybrid Art Style Photorealism &amp; PBR Voxel-like\n   * Dynamic Dismemberment\n* Extreme Player Customization Options for Function and Appearance\n* Three (3) Party Cooperative\n* Fast-paced Action Combat\n* Sophisticated Enemy AI\n* VR *Support*, Stereoscopic Modes\n* Distinct Styles and Input support for First-Person Melee Combat, Magic Casting, Dual Firearm\n* Targeted for PC Platform"
on6s5p,The Reel Reveal,The Reel Reveal is a play for fun mobile slot game that allows you to build up your winning payline by holding your reels and only taking your wins when you are ready. A symbol disappears from each reel every spin so make sure you evaluate the remaining symbols and take your winnings before they run out!
on6evb,"Part MMO, Part Dungeon Crawler, Part Crafting, Part Shop Tycoon","My absolute dream game is super duper simple and chill. I just wanna be able to run my own tavern, man. That's all. And have weary adventurers come in and chat with me while I craft up their healing items/buffs for them to either take with them, or recover.\n\nSo whenever I daydream about how I'd want this game to work out, players could choose what they want to do. You could be an adventurer, and go dungeon diving for loot and and cool weapons and armor and hang out with your pals on your quests. Adventurer types get a totally customizable 'hideout' in the neverending dungeons below the earth, and you can amp up and decorate it with cool stuff you find. You can either make your hideout public or private, and if it's public people can come across it at random while adventuring and take a little breather. But you specifically cannot store food or supplies in these hideouts indefinitely, as there is always a chance pests will sneak in and eat everything (no matter what you do, dungeon rats will always get in and steal your snacks), and so you always need to go back up to restock or prepare for your next dive.\n\nOr, you could be the classic NPC type character, who instead forages above ground for ingredients and materials for your tavern. NPC types get an inn/tavern instead of a hideout, and can totally customize it as well, with cool stuff you build rather than find or win from bosses. You level up your crafting and cooking skills, and learn to make potions and rations and meals that can heal, buff, or debuff. NPCs can set their taverns to public or private too, and if they're set to public, then adventurers coming up for air from the dungeons can come across them at random (or if they've got yours favorited they can zoom right there).\nIf you happen to be online at the same time ab adventurer comes across your tavern, you can chat, or roleplay, or whatever, and haggle prices and deals or trade for cool furniture/custom stuff to put in your tavern, or super rare ingredients for recipes or craftables. If you are offline and they come across your tavern, they just see the listed prices of what you made and put up in stock, and they can purchase stuff.\nNPCs can also choose to put a limit on how many items one person can buy from them so they don't get cleared out for future adventurers while they're offline.\n\nObviously this has a lot of room for improvement and way more cool features and stuff, and I've obviously never made a game in my life, but this sounds like it'd be fun for me to play at least. So maybe someone else will think it's fun too!"
on5va8,A game that is witcher esque with the 1v4 style,So my idea is that this game would take place in a medivial universe with some kind of weak-ish magic and the 4 humans are all adventurers looking to slay a powerful creature that another player controls. I feel as though this would be an interesting idea and maybe have weaker monsters around the map that both the monster and the hunters power up from killing (inspiration from evolve).
on19pb,I’m in need of a game idea (and people that are interested in workin on that project),"Does anyone have an idea for a 2D platformer game? (story, core mechanics etc)\n\nand also if anyone would be interested in working on that project\n\nany help is welcomed!"
on0r7s,Are bigger or smaller businesses better?,
on04aj,Flip the Doctor Simulator game idea,"Patient Simulator based on US healthcare.\n\nGame plays out across different stages of life, and you have to balance a budget vs general wellbeing.\nRandom accidents/illnesses that can occur, and risk/reward based decisions (example:  get extra money to fix a friend's microwave, but you may get electrocuted, or going to work with a head-cold)\n\nMini games like fistfighting EMTs long enough for your friends to arrive and drive you to the urgent care themselves, saving you the bill.  Or a hidden picture game to find out what's wrong with your hospital room (the more you find, the more effective your treatment).  Or a spot the difference between generic and name brand drugs.\n\nGet frustrated by general practitioners not listening to your symptoms.\nFind a specialist that is actually in network.\nWake up from anesthesia during surgery and have to stay calm.\nFight with insurance to get your claim.\n\n\nCould be a procedurally generated process with different professionals.  Score displayed when you die."
omylrc,Risks with having a company,
omylm6,What are the problems with having a company:,
omylj1,How much work is a video game to make?,
omxoej,sport game idea,a first person basketball game.
omxe54,Animal / Creature Breeding - Game Idea,"**Game Idea based on realistic animal breeding simulation focused on Genetics.** \n\nHey guys, I am thinking more and more about games that I miss in my life the last few years. The answer to that is everything around Animal Simulation: 1) Animal Breeding and Genetics Development and/or 2) Veterinary based Games. \n\nThose did exist in some ways, but they are extremely old and not satisfying to play anymore (if they even work on Windows 10). Sadly I am nowhere near understanding how to Develop my own Game, therefore I hope someone will pick this up - because the request is actually quite big if you google it. \n\n**Concept**\n\nA single-player game (more advanced version: online to trade animals) based on simulation of animal care &amp; breeding, mainly for adult players. You start on a small farm, which you can upgrade in terms of size and different houses over playtime/achievements - you will be provided with 2 starter stables for 2 animals and one breeding house. At the beginning of the game you pick your starter animal race (inspired by the starter Pokemon :p) - I am thinking of: Horses, Dogs, Cats, Chicken etc. It doesn't have to be animals that usually live on a farm, to make the breeding more interesting. \n\n**Idea Size**\n\nIt depends on your motivation - this idea almost infinitely scalable. \n\nSmall: No animations but pictures, simple button clicks for taking care, breeding &amp; stuff. Genetics are not too detailed.\n\nMiddle: Focus on a detailed Genetics system similar to a Science Tree in a strategic game (currently thinking of CIV where it develops over time).\n\nBig: Animations and/or detailed pictures of the animals which all look different in a way. Include an online market to trade the animals. \n\n**Why** \n\nI googled a lot around this idea - currently there doesn't exist a game which fulfills the above purpose in any kind of way. ""Ark"" is probably the game which is the closest to the idea but yet far away. And: The request is definitely there! So many people are requesting this type of games because they all remember simple games when being a kid around this game mechanic. With today's quality of games there is so much possible around this idea - also the design should be realistic (no manga/anime style pls) and should target the teenager/ adult group.\n\n**My Input**  \nIf someone is interested in that I'd definitely love to chat further about this idea, because there is so much more in my mind. \n\nAlso: If you are really interested in doing this - I could actually help regarding the marketing of the game because I do work in that field. \n\n  \nLove to hear your ideas and feedback. Thank you in advance!  \nP.s: Yes, I did check almost every potential game - nothing is close to what I am looking for. There is always something that doesn't work out well for me."
omtpjm,Best way to introduce game puzzles | gamedev analysis,
ompq3t,a bird mom who lost her son,"I was thinking about a game where you are a bird trapped in a cage in a pet shop, your child is sold and you do everything to get him back until eventually after several adventures you find him.\nhas this game already been created?"
omp8gc,A game where in order to progress you need to die in increasingly bizarre and convoluted ways.,"So for this I'm imaging a classic Zelda style game, but it could be adapted to other genres.\n\nI see two flavors of this concept:\n\n* Your progression is gated by achievements and most if not all of the achievements are for dying in dumb ways.\n* The game is fully open to you from the start and resets every time you die, and it's all about achievement hunting, surviving and progressing long enough to die in a specific way.\n\nDie from the first monster. Get killed by a Grandma. Die while under 3 different Damage over Time effects. Die from a Christmas Tree. Die from falling for over 30 seconds. Die in your own home. Beat the entire game in one life only to die at the final boss.\n\nIt starts to become a puzzle game as you try and figure out how to best kick the bucket in increasingly stupid ways all for those sweet, sweet achievements."
omn89t,"Turn-based, multiplayer LEGO castle defense game with custom traps","The main idea came from a game we played IRL with a childhood friend, but I'm confident it could be built into a video-game. The game is basically like the title says; A turn-based, multiplayer LEGO game in a medieval setting, where each side has a castle to defend as well as troops to siege the other player's castle.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**MAIN GOAL:**  \nPlayers must siege the opponent's castle, go through it, overcoming any obstacle they put on the path, and obtain their flag to win the game. However since both sides have a castle on their own, the player's attention should also be set on their own castle, as the opponent will try to do the same. It's a fight against time and cleverly placed traps (which I'll get into in a second), with lots of strategy options.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**RESOURCES:**  \nThe player is given a set amount of resources, and each item, trap or soldier has a value to them. A player may choose to have a basic castle with lots of soldiers and siege weapons, or have an elaborate castle with multiple, deadly traps, but with very limited troops to attack. The player can have multiple builds, for whatever strategy they want to use.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**THE CASTLE:**  \nThe player can choose from different, pre-built castles, but they are strongly encouraged to build one themselves. For faster building I'd think it would be better to use several built aspects, rather than building a castle up from individual blocks like IRL, but if it's feasible, there could be an option for players to build from scratch.\n\nAs I mentioned in the previous part, the player is given a resource number, and can use them up as they see fit. For example, they have 1000 resources, and a simple gate costs 5, but a more elaborate gate with a moat surrounding the whole castle might cost 100. Of course the latter would be harder to get through for the opponent and different parts would require different siege weapons or strategies.\n\nThe castle can also have multiple floors, traps and many obstacles in them. One could build a maze, so the attacking players will have to find a way out, but they could just lure the enemy team into a room with gold, where a pressure sensitive tile would lock the door behind them. The possibilities can be as endless as LEGO itself, but naturally this would require a lot of testing and balancing.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**THE GAME:**  \nThe game would start with each player choosing a build (castle+soldiers). Then your build is revealed for the other player and then they are given a small amount of additional resources, and the chance to *slightly* alter their troops and siege weapons if necessary, but they cannot alter their castle. The players will only see the opponents castle from the outside and the soldiers they've put outside the castle for attacking. Anything inside, be them traps or more soldiers will remain unseen for the opponent until later in the game.\n\nAfter the preparation phase the battle begins, the player with fewer used resources will start. In the first couple of rounds it's just moving towards the other player's castle, and choosing the strategy. Maybe sending a troop to flank, setting up choke-points, etc. If two opposing troops are in vicinity of each other a battle can begin.\n\nThis is the part that is not yet clear for me, as this would require a lot of testing, but we played this in a way that in one round each side can have a set amount of moves (I remember doing 2 things per round). So one side can choose to move one unit closer and then attack, or attack from further away, which will lower the chance of success but then they can attack a second time. Obviously, later in the game this will get more complicated as the players will have to move closer to the other player's flag, defend their own by setting up traps (oh yes, using a trap will also take up moves, they could use all the moves a player has in one round if it's a very elaborate trap), and still fighting in the battlefield at the same time. So the pressure sensitive tile I mentioned has to be activated by the player, otherwise it will ""malfunction"". This part is more close to chess I think, because if Player A forces a move out of Player B on the other side of the battlefield, then A can go inside the room for the treasure, without risking their lives.\n\nThe game ends when one's flag is captured or a castle can't be protected anymore (no more soldiers and only non-lethal traps remain in the castle). We played it like classic capture the flag, so we'd have to take the enemy's flag back inside our own castle, but I think it would just further complicate things now, as well as artificially prolonging the endgame. But maybe some testing can prove me otherwise.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAnyway, that's my idea I've had since I found parts of my castle back at my parent's place while cleaning. I almost completely forgot this game we played as children, but now that they are dusted off, there's a lot of nice memories. One day I'd like to see this game in a video-game setting, so the few LEGOs I had as a child wouldn't restrict me that much on what I can build. Needless to say, this can be a very large project, even AAA if it includes tons of assets. (However, I'd assume using LEGO can cut down a lot of cost and work, since the building blocks are already set, and easy to use shapes, but I don't know anything about game development, so I could be astonishingly wrong here...) It would also require lots of testing, balancing and such, as I mentioned above.\n\nThe saddest part - for me anyways - is that I don't have any experience in game making, so I won't be able to make this idea into reality, at least not for a couple of years. However the idea kept me awake at several nights now, so by writing it down here may give me some sort of relief.\n\nThanks for reading."
ommshz,A rallye (racing) game with random generated tracks,"My idea is a racing game in which the goal is to reach the finish point as quickly as possible (like in hillclimb or rallye racing). The comparison with other players should take place through online high scores. The trick that should distinguish this game from others is that the tracks cannot be practised in advance: You get one chance. No resetting, no reloading, nothing. \n\nThe basis for this would be, on the one hand, that the track cannot be selected in advance, but only one track is possible at a time and, on the other hand, a huge basic number of tracks. To really increase the number of tracks, they should be generated by the computer. With the help of machine learning, the players could also be used to teach the computer to generate ""good"" tracks by asking for a rating on the track after a race. If the track is literally undriveable, no other player has to try it."
omlmvo,Hello colleagues! I want to share my concept with you. Leave your feedback if you are interested in this idea and have something to say.,[removed]
omljq4,Old-School-Zombie New-School-Sandbox Multiplayer,"**Core Concept**\n\nA sandbox game wherein zombies infest the world, threatening the players with their numbers, much like the zombie movies of the past, instead of with an abundance of special variants. Players will choose a primary class upon character creation, and can later choose a handful of minor traits from other classes to round out their builds. Each player will have 1 life, but can be revived through a few special means. Upon death, a players will spawn on the outskirts of a new server, as a new character. They will retain a special in-game currency to allow players who achieved a lot in their previous playthroughs to get started quickly in their new server. Players can then compete to see how long they can survive.\n\n**Location**\n\nAt first there would only be 1 map. Each map would have carefully crafted POIs but the contents would be semi-randomized. Ideally, new maps would be released occasionally. Players would be randomly assigned a location then (attempting to mimic IRL where people do not choose where they start). Since the players would change, but the maps wouldn't, the worlds will continue to evolve differently over time. Perhaps players who died in a world at one time might return to that same world randomly as a different character later, exploring what is familiar to them and how things have changed.\n\n**Community Enforcement**\n\nA concept like this does not work without either de-incentivizing negative behavior or making positive behavior profitable. PVP would need to be opt-in. However, the sandbox/survival elements of the game should be challenging enough that players recognize the necessity of working together.  \n\n\nIts possible this is too verbose or not creative enough. I've never written a game idea out before. I just liked the feel of fighting of hoards in Dead Rising, I'm a fan of old zombie films, and I like the sandbox elements of games like 7 Days to Die but feel like there's very poor incentive to keep playing at the very late stages. I've never developed a game before, but I have 3 years of Java full stack experience in the field and a BS in comp sci, so I at least know my way around some 1s and 0s"
omf76y,Collect-a-thon / Looter Hybrid,"Basically what it says on the tin. A platforming collection game (ala Banjo-Kazooie) mashed together with a hack and slash looter (ala Diablo).\n\nCollect coins/trinkets/mcguffins to trade in for loot. Each type of collectible could correlate to a different kind of loot.\n\nAdd in some random/procedural generation to keep some variety and, voila!"
omf369,Ideas,Does anybody have ideas for a first person shooter with a campaign?
omcjth,Next level idea,"Hi Im a 19 year old from Kosovo,i have always been interested in games since i was 6 year old,and i have a idea wich is focused more on a reward,for example say we have a boxing game,and two random players from around the world join to play a boxing match,each one deposits 10€ and the winner get's it all,and create other games like sword fighting or maybe with teams and it is also a good way to make money not like be rich but have fun and earn a bit money."
ombw7i,Marvel's Taskmaster International: An Arkham Knight + Yakuza + Shadow of Mordor styled game,"This game would focus on Taskmaster doing various odd jobs around the world as an infamous mercenary. The level selection would kind of be like a mix between mega man and Hitman: as in you can choose any target to take out first. But there will be opponents who get in your way. This is where you use your photographic reflexes and sword + shield attacks to gain new inspirations for moves and once you've gotten through most of the enemies and taken out the first target of your choosing, you can head back to your base and use the info you gained to create your own custom moveset style to help you on future missions.  This is a cool way of translating Taskmaster's powers into gameplay."
ombjbr,I need a 3d artist to deveolp a game with," i start to get ideas about bounty hunt game which you play a bounty hunter and you build you're self a android style destiny 2 with a class and you collect abilities and weapons as you move on with the story/bounty hunt quests, but i stuck because im horrible in 3d art,  soooo i need somone who knows how to do that to contact with me."
omax0g,Guys i have an idea," \n\nFor Microsoft, this should not be that hard. It will take time but if they can work on it that will be great.\n\nYou know how FS 2020 is actually the real world. I am not sure about the scaling but I think the scaling is real too.\n\nA GTA style game with the whole FS2020 map as it is but 3 models improved. It will take a lot of computer power I understand. But they can use stream technology.\n\nSo Driving simulator + truck simulator in the same world as a flying simulator (of course lots of servers for online players) + GTA online style with police. Where you can drive anywhere in the world or fly or shoot people and do whatever.\n\nI know this is a big project and almost impossible. But for Microsoft having so much money and a good team behind them. I see why no they can do this.\n\nThis will be a dream come true and I will not leave my house. lol\n\nWhy don't Microsoft create such a game.\n\nP.s. I am disclexist, excuse any errors"
om7srg,-STRANDED- survival horror zombie first person shooter,"I just came up with this idea while thinking about the covid Outbreak last year and how the U.S government basically left thousands of U.S citizens to get infected and die of the virus overseas without any way to get back home So that’s where this game comes in.\n\n\-PLOT-\n\nPresent or modern times explores the what if scenario of the covid virus actually being a zombie virus and infects the entire worlds population and even is able to infect animals and insects stranding you and your friends abroad in a massive city overseas leaving it up to you and your friends to survive and thrive in an barron waste-land filled with zombies who stalk you from the shadows during the day As you hunt for supplies build weapons create and customize cars to become death on wheels and hunker down for the long cold nights ahead.\n\n\-Zombie Types-\n\n* Walkers (classic zombie type)\n* Crawlers (Spider like zombies that crawl on walls,ceilings and buildings to attack the player)\n* Spores (Mutated walkers with large green and purple plant like spores growing out of they’re heads and body parts deals larger amount of damage than normal zombies.)\n* Shadow walkers (inspired by the zombie flick 28 days later these types are stealthy hunters who will stalk and eventually attack you from the shadows but only in unlit areas such as dark alleys,abandoned houses and apartments and only come out at night.)\n* Smoke Walkers (Another Mutant type of zombie that explodes when nearing them a walking land mine that when explodes floods the Are the player is in with thick black smoke that temporarily blindes the player and alerts any nearby zombie hordes.)\n* Lightning Walkers (Immune to almost all of the players weapons these types are litterally fueled by electricity coarsing through they’re vains.)\n* Fire Walkers (The same as lightning walkers but these types litterally on fire untouchable to the player but can be easily dispatched with a well aimed fire arm.)\n* Zeke walkers (Refrence to WWZ these types are fast and can attack the player quickly without giving the unprepared enough time to react.)\n\n\-Infected Animal Types-\n\n* Guerrillas (Infected with the virus these monkeys will attack you hard and with force dealing a massive amount of damage and can absorb a vast amount of bullets only way to kill them is with a Bazooka or a Machine Gun.)\n* Rabid Dogs/Wolfs (Infected pet dogs turned rabid will attack alone or in packs of various numbers deals medium amount of damage if took out quickly Enough.)\n* Elks (Infected elk will run at you quickly impaling the player with its large sharp antlers)\n* Asian black bear (Infected Asian bears will attack almost the same as guerrillas but will instead pin the player on the ground with its sharp claws leaving it to the player to force his way off of the beast.)\n* Pandas (Infected panda bear species will attack the same as bears but on they’re feet and can even grab the player and throws them.)\n* Siberian tigers (infected tigers will attack quickly without warning and will rip the player apart if not dealt with quickly also comes in white colors.)—  \n\n\n\-Weapon Types-\n\n* Chainsaw \n* Barbed wire baseball bat \n* Machete \n* Switch blade knife \n* kitchen knife \n* Butcher Knife\n* Baseball bat\n* Ak-47\n* Rifle\n* Sniper Rifle \n* Glock 43\n* Shotgun\n* Bow and arrow \n* Flame thrower \n* Ice Gun\n* Semiautomatic Shotgun \n* Semiautomatic AR-556\n* Revolver \n* Remington 870\n* M4A1 carbine\n* M249 Machine Gun\n* Uzi\n* Heat seeking Bazooka\n* Rocket launcher \n\n\-Vehicle Types-\n\n* Deadly Ice cream Truck (Equipped with two semiautomatic machine guns)\n* Bulldozer\n* Semi Truck (Equipped with armor and Flamethrower)\n* FMZ Bizon Super Z056\n\nAnyways I just thought I’d share this idea with you all and if you want you can tell me what features or types of enemies weapons or vehicles you would add on the list above"
om6se5,Searching for game ideas,"I am searching for 3d indie games ideas, any type!"
om5p1n,Here is a Crossover game idea ALSO its a vitual novel / 2d,So yah i cant think of a title but i am calling it (THE ROOM)\n\nIts a 2d vtiual novel  but it also has 2D gameplay\n\nCharacters\n\nTwilight sparkle\n\nSunset shimmer\n\nPhil - Oc character\n\nKori - female Oc \n\nkori and phil are half demons\n\nToy foxy - Fanf\n\nToy chica\n\nMangle\n\nMaggie -Antro cow- Oc\n\nShushi - Danganrompa V3\n\nChihiro - Danganrompa\n\nDasuke - Danganrompa anime\n\nChika - Danganrompa - house maid\n\nThey are all trapped in a weird space\n\nSolve puzzles to escape \n\nUse items to your use\n\ntwilight and sunset can use the Pony water to turn back to ponys and humans\n\nKeys and keycards can be used to open rooms\n\nevery 2 chapters is a Death challenge \n\n1 must die\n\nbut if your lucky nobody dies\n\nOh and there is weight gain posions and air pumps hidden I MEAN HIDDEN\n\nthis game is pg 13\n\nHAVE A GOOD DAY AND THERE IS HORROR
om3ezl,Game ideas?,"I am an 12,5 year old boy who is getting into programming games via unity. I would want to code a game like an fps or a survival game but i don't have ideas. Does anyone have any kind of good ideas for me?"
om2mjj,[RevShare]Team/Studio Need For a Community Project," \n\nHey guys let me introduce myself, I'm de\_hely former creator of the SS086\* community.\n\nI'm looking for a second studio/team that wants to collaborate with us, We can't offer much but we're able to find people for you and we're currently hosting a yt channel to get your idea on screen; in the nearest future we're aiming to publish game and support indie devs with ads. If you want to talk about this project/cooperation in more details feel free to dm me.\n\n\*SS086 is a community based around music, game dev and gaming (in general): we're currently hosting an indie label named ""Floppy Disk Archives"" and a dev team named ""Bloody Blade Interactive"" while we are collaboration with an Apex Club named ""APG\_Community""."
om2j73,"New to dev, looking for help on a game jam theme",I'm wanting to try joining in a game jam and am looking at the 'Bored Pixels Jam 8' on itch at this very moment with the theme: You are not the Hero.  \nI'm sort of struggling to come up with things and was wondering if anyone had any ideas that can help me or lead me into a direction.
om1hcb,SCP Interactive,"We would like to produce a series of *interactive shorts* ( story and mini-games ) based on Material from the [SCP Foundation](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/). Our version of [SCP Explained](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8JfkMtNAp44vmzdtnL4wow), but Interactive. In the *SCP Interactive* Series, we'll be aiming for 1-2 hour gameplay, single level, episodic games.\n\nWe believe Translating the various SCP Anomalous Abilities into Mechanics will produce \*interesting\* gameplay. Additionally, the SCP Foundation content has a huge fan base and Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License.\n\nWe intend to use single game framework with modular content that can be installed via DLC, Mods, and Asset packs. Heavy use and reuse of readily available Marketplace Assets and Procedural Generation for rapid production is core to the idea."
om0t9h,A gathering mechanic where you pay off sprites (or similar) to gain auto loot.,"I'm starting to see a lot of magic game ideas and I love it! The thing with magic games is that they usually get conflated with survival games because alchemy requires reagents which requires gathering. I was thinking to myself, ""How do you gather stuff in a cool magical way that doesn't feel like you're a scrub who's picking up endless chicken nuggets?"" The answer is minions!  \n\n\nBut then there's one step further: what if you start out by scrambling to pick up stuff because these damn pests keep stealing everything, but then later you realize you can use that to your advantage in order to gain autoloot? It could also create the cool feels of shipping off supply crates to your base like MGSV. Maybe you exchange a certain reagent or drink a certain potion and suddenly this thing you're fighting becomes a really useful tool."
om0ktu,an open world noir game set in a version of new orleans with a lovecraftian twist,"a open world game set in an alternate louisiana where monsters roam the bayou killing any souls who dare to try and tell their tale you are a\n\n* investigator who is great at combat and spotting clues (tracker/fighter class)\n* antiquater who collects exotic items and strange artifacts (thief class)\n* inventor who can make wondrous inventions (inventor class)\n* what ever else i can think of\n\nthese only decide starting skills and perks, any class can take cases or collect artifacts\n\nonly an idea but what do you think"
olyqd9,Bullet bill idea,"2D game. I have an item that moves straight like bullet bill and bounces on walls until it hits the target and disappears. How could I make a fun game out of it?\n\nThere could be any kinds of ways. like it bounces and if it doesn't find a wall it gets lost and you lose a life, or something happens to the target when it gets hit, etc. I just thought it would be a bit boring to just hit the target and move to the next level, there are many games like that.\n\nAny ideas?"
oly0mg,Creating Devil/demon/archangel family for my fighting game,"Im trying to figure a way to create these protagonists for my fighting game. The main protagonist is the first born son from a devil mother and wizard father, the two other siblings are either born from the same mother or from a different mother. The wizard father hates his first born due to the fact he was born with this demon bloodline from his mother and rejects him as well as the other siblings reject him. Would this make more sense if his two siblings were not from the same devil/demon mother?\n\nAnd the first born son would be average height, while his two younger siblings would be very tall. But they are all within human height, kind of like Lucifer Morningstar and his siblings, does this make sense? I just want the bio of these characters to be plausible enough."
olxw8r,Alternate History Shooter Concept,"You play as Leon Trotsky’s grandson, who is a complete badass soldier under the CIA working against the Stalinist regime during the 60s. \n\n(Short backstory here) Leon trotsky helped lead the soviet revolution alongside Vladimir Lenin as his right hand man. Everyone feared this guy and he was kinda crazy. He was Stalin’s competitor for a while and was exiled to Mexico when Stalin become leader of the USSR. He was assassinated by one of Stalin’s lackeys in 1943. (Backstory over)\n\nYou want to avenge dear ol gramps by completely dismantling the USSR as much as possible. You dislike American ideals and capitalism at first but steadily grow to respect it near the end of the game."
olxc65,A balanced game idea,"I don’t have any story or anything, it’s just a mechanic I though up. The game would have a single player, PvE co op, and a PvP multiplayer. In the single player you get exp and items to use in co op and multiplayer. The co op would get you the most items to use in multiplayer, though. It tricks players into playing nice with each other so they can do better against each other. The multiplayer is where the exp comes fast to level you up, increasing stats to do better in co op and get better items and it all repeats itself!"
olx5wz,A game that is balls to the wall and doesn’t care,"I’m talking laser dinosaurs, Martian robots, Space Nazis, shit like that. I’m aware old FPS games did this like doom and turok but we need a new AAA game like this. It would be so good"
olw1bd,Need some skill tree ideas,So I need some ideas for some skills for our progressive system. So as I said before in my other post on here it is an action multiplayer open-world role-playing game...I know that a lot. It's set in the future on other planets I have some ideas like a thief skill tree where you can gain skills in lock picking and other things. What skills can you think of?
olvp5j,"Need ideas for a shooter game - Random level generation, what's next?","Hi guys, I want to create an fps shooter game, have fast paced shooting (gotta get the adrenaline up).\n\nI'm not good with ""quality"" level creation. But I can generate levels with code, procedurally. And good ones.\n\nThing is, I dont have much idea on how the levels would be suited. \nLike, I can even manage creating a Random level on every play. Or give the player chance to randomise a level (maybe with an ad, well monetizations)\n\nImagine, I got the whole setup in mind. How the environment would be, how the number of enemies would come running towards the player or shoot or throw fireball from far, etc. I just cant get how to use the random level generation to my advantage :/\n\nLike.. Infinite levels? \nIdk, can get boring maybe,... Maybe it doesnt give the feeling of proper progression\n\nMaybe a set number of levels. Which would mean the game would end at some point. Or who knows, maybe a new way of playing would unlock, more stronger.\n\nThe gameplay wont be boring, I'll make sure of it.\n\nThinking further about the levels... 🤔"
olvojq,D&amp;D Inspired Wizards Journey to become an arch mage with a magical tower,"So, I've been randomly thinking of this for a while while zoned out at like 1 am. And while, all of this will never happen I just wanted to get it into the aether. Like the Secret or some shit. \n\nSo, 30,000 foot view. The game would be closer to mages in D&amp;D(and associated lit). You have to study. You can only use your spells so often. Etc. Etc. The game would follow you as you travel from a journey mage to an arch mage with a tower. You would quest for materials, spell books, artifacts, and the like. You would need to study. Studying new spell books has a cost. Performing rituals has a cost. . You create items, enchantment, and Summons. You hit major milestones in the game and age and mastery. As you age, your base stats and abilities change. As your masteries change you can study higher level spell books and perform higher level magics. You do this while building your tower(details about the tower have been omitted for brevity. I'm obsessed with Wizard towers). Everything you do will increase your age. Some spells might advance it more. Some might reverse it to some degree. Those spells might be too expensive morally. \n\nGameplay is pretty simplistic. Think Hades style look and feel(graphics unimportant). Persona style ""time advances when you do x"" mechanic. But far less rigid. Side quests would be procedurally generated based on what you're doing. Tower upgrades would be handled via game progress and standard game ""upgrading building"" type mechanics. You stop time. Choose your spell to cast and how and then hopefully that spell completes before your enemy gets to you. Or you use a bevy of magical equipment you find and make. \n\nLike, I could keep going but when would I stop. But, basically that's it."
olqr2e,A space war game where you live the life of a fighter pilot,"Feel free to use this idea, or to add to it.\n\nThe game that I envision revolves around a war between humans and an alien species. These games are common, but what I imagine goes into so much detail that you feel like you’re there. You a fighter pilot, live on a huge international space station, and go out on combat missions. However, this game involves you living your life. You meet people on board the space station, have a small apartment, have relationships, go shopping, watch the news, etc.\n\nStory: The year is 2093, and we’re out amongst the stars.  Not too far though. We’ve been a few hundred light years from Earth.  In our travels, we found a solar system that was abandoned by some alien species long ago.  Since there’s no one living there, we move in and begin colonizing worlds. Unfortunately, midway through our colonization efforts, an alien species arrives.  They’re the ones that abandoned this star system, and they tell us that they still own it and want us all to leave. It’s hard to just pack up and go home at this point, because there are already around 100,000 humans living on various planets and moons. Furthermore, when they arrived, there were only a handful of abandoned installations on a few planets, so the aliens’ claim of ownership seemed pretty weak.  We try to negotiate, and recommend that we share it, and they reject our offer. A war follows.\n\nCombat:  To beat the game, you need to complete many combat missions.  You typically won’t go out alone. You’ll be part of a team.  Also, you won’t mow down scores of enemy ships like you do in most spaceship fighting games. Enemy fighters are about as strong as allied fighters.  They’re shielded just like you, and taking down one enemy fighter will take some time. It’ll be a little bit like a WW2 dogfight.  Your fighter shoots blasts of energy which drain the battery, so there is a re-charge time after numerous shots. You also carry a limited number of bombs for the bombing missions, and only a few missiles which you will need to use wisely.  The movement is 3-D, and the view can either be 3rd person or 1st person from the cockpit.  While you’re are in a team during combat, don’t think that you can just fly around and wait for your friends to take out all the enemies. The game should be programmed so that your squad mates fight about as well as you are fighting.\n\nMissions:  I recommend about 100 missions.  Some will be simply fighting with enemy pilots. Others will be bombing missions, defensive missions, escort missions where you protect allied cargo ships, or information gathering missions.\n\nThe space station:  It’s huge. It’s the size of a small city with people from many different nations, and is located in the periphery of the contested star system.  The station is shaped like a gigantic disc. It spins, so there is artificial gravity.  You can find just about everything here: Apartments, grocery stores, movie theaters, restaurants, schools, etc.  You live here, and between missions you can take all the time you want to travel around, do things, and meet people. You can even have relationships and get married, but you and your fellow fighter pilots can be killed, so you may want to think twice about getting too emotionally attached to another pilot.  Only about 10% of the people on board are military.\n\nVictory:  There are two possible endings. One is where the alien military is defeated and they withdraw from the star system. The other is where a truce is reached, and our two species agree to share the star system.  Midway through the game, you will have an optional mission to rescue alien civilians from a doomed ship. If you do this, then it will be a show of compassion and respect, even during a war. After this, the war continues, but the option for a diplomatic victory will be available.  Right before the final mission of the game, your commander will ask you which outcome is preferable. By then, you would be a famous and respected pilot, so your input would be valuable. For the conquest victory, you simply destroy all enemy craft, but for the diplomatic one, only military craft are targets.  The final boss of the game is a huge robot, which must be defeated regardless of which ending you’re aiming for.\n\nGame modes: Easy , medium, and hard. In the easy mode, the enemy pilots are dummies and go down easily. On medium, the two sides are equally weighted. On hard, the enemy pilots are awesome and very hard to kill. If you die, you must re-start the mission, unless you choose the ‘permadeath’ option, in while case death ends the game.\n\nOther:  Games can be saved.  At the beginning of the game, you can choose the gender, ethnicity, appearance, and nationality of your pilot.  The aliens look a little bit like porcupines with two arms and legs, and they come from an adjacent star system."
olki3c,A ufo game,A ufo game that you pick up the stuff that it tells you to pick up.
olki21,A unique 3d visual style,"I was looking at sm64 rtx videos the other day and came across this video, [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbxTBT8pauM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbxTBT8pauM) that had rtx graphics but the assets themselves remained the same. I looked at the comments, and people seemed to like the style, and some were oddly captivated by it. What do you think, and would this style benefit a game that only one person is working on?"
olhxgv,"an idea based off a ask reddit post, a world where you can buy superpowers from stores or black market deals",think of it like bioshock but\n\n* a lot of people have mundane powers like very lightweight telekinesis or emitting a slight chill on sumer days\n* illegal powers like completely freezing a man or super strength can be found in back alley chemists or in the black market\n* super heroes are about as common as vigilantes are nowadays \n\npowers would work more like gear where you could get an upgraded version of it instead of skill trees\n\nskills and abilities would be slightly more mundane like hacking and sneaking but theirwould also be stuff like chemistry where you can brew up temporary superpowers\n\nyou could be anything from a highschool student who found a shot of super speed or a middle aged man turned vigilante\n\nthinking of making it wear you could explore a city and a backwoods type place where theirs rednecks brewing up super powers like its moonshine \n\nwhat do you think
olh652,Horror game concept idea.,"This is from a dream that i had and i liked the idea of it, just placing it here in case someone wants to use it, is just a dream so mostly of the things might not make sense anyway. \n\nbasically  you begin is a room with 3 doors, at first you cannot move your mouse so you're looking at a single door (like a point and click) once you step in you get a lantern, you can walk around and move the mouse around (the idea here is to make the player pick up the flashlight at the very begin, because it will be important for look around  in the dark and see the other doors) as you look in the dark you can see the other 2 doors, but you also see a hallway at your left, sounds like the wind if blowing there, on your right has another door, but there is the living room, once you step in you have the acess the kitchen, where you get batteries for your lantern, since it was a dream i dont remember much of the other rooms, but was like a house.\n\nwhat i remember is that sometimes some limb parts fly to the hallway, you can pick up them but once you drop they will fly again, and your mission is to rescue the people inside because has an entity in the house, who is trying to collect the bodies part and make some kind of ritual or just to feed a monster on the end of hallway, thats why the ""wind"" is actually the monster breathing.\n\nThis entity has 3 forms \n\n1. the watcher, white eyes watching you from distance, it also can be used to know with direction he will be coming.\n2. the follower, it will follow you around the house, but only when you turn around it jumpscare you, after few minutes he is gone, you can tell by his respiration behide you, and if you hear something breaking it might be it. (if you stop walking it wont help, he will get more and more closer to you, so keep walking).\n3.  the killer, that he kills the other people in the house, you can avoid it trying to hide they inside of some places, such as closet, under bed, etc, you can tell that he is going to attack by some screams that you can hear on background.\n\nso far, i remember had 3 people in the house, one of them were a fat granny that act like a karen (i also remember that you could take ""weapons"" to defend yourself, such as a pan and you could hit the granny with it, she would be mad at you and would run away from you, staying near that hallway, exposed for the entity) she would refuse to hide and only would hide if her husband say so, but to make her husband to do it, you need to ask to his daughter to talk to him (who is your wife) and since theyre in different rooms they would walk around the house too. (something similar to that other game from imscared creator, that you need to find the people and murder them, but in this case you need to rescue them)\n\nfor the game design, i imagine something pixelated, like imscared or power drill massacre, with 3d and low design, and the game name would be ""The three doors"" and just in case, no the game isnt a whole dream, this entity exist in the house and is attacking the neighborns and it finally came to your house to kill your family/feed the monster."
olgyoo,Strategy/skill based multiplayer shooter game,"Idea:\nA team of 4 have to defend the VIP(npc) while 2 player compete to kill the VIP. VIP will have random tasks they will do. To keep things simple make, let there be only one VIP with repeated rounds. There will be other NPCs in the area so the killers can hide(like hitman).\n\n\nStyle:\nTop down or isometric topdown like Tokyo 42. Can be futuristic, normal or noir-style, but location must be a public area.\n\n\nMechanics:\n\n\nFor the team of 4: can only buy a weapon for each at the start of the round. With more points they get in game, they can improve their weapons, shield strength and surveillance. Surveillance include more surveillance cameras and security scanner at the entrance.\n\nFor the 2 hitman: they will be competing to kill the VIP. They can buy 2 weapons at the start of the round or a weapon &amp; an item. Item include map, the VIP tasks, grenades, bombs and etc. They can dress up as npc like in hitman but they need to be careful so no player sees them.\n\n\nNote: most will think that if the 4 player surrounds the VIP, then there is no chance for hitman to win. However, hitman can make time bombs, snipe, poison, or create a scenario to make the VIP panic &amp; run. So the 4 players will be forced to strategise and survey the area.\n\n\nThank you for reading my idea. I welcome all suggestions even if this is not come to fruition."
olg6vo,Open World car game... 1970s edition,"Now before all the 'try this game' comments, I know there are a lot of games that have parts of this idea of mine, but none that I know of that's exactly this. Many have some classic cars but none are actually fully set in the timeframe and have the cars and gameplay with it.\n\nOn to the game itself.\n\nFor some years now I've had thoughts about a car game, not racing specificly set somewhere in the 1970's. The setting I'm thinking about is a small US based city with a large open area around it with some backwater towns.\n\nGameplay:  \nI'm not sure yet what would be the big story, but I'd love to see a Forza style 'collect your favorite cars' idea where some players would go for speed, others for gassers, some for stock car racing, low-riders and even some in the van sub-culture. There could be competitions based on performance on a track but also based on votes on showcars.\n\nA good and modern arcade game is nothing without police car chases. For inspiration and imagination I look at chases in the Dukes of Hazzard, Bullitt, Gone in 60 seconds, Smokey &amp; the Bandit and so on. Chases with classic cars and oversized policecars through backwater towns and the city.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf you'd really wanted to go over the moon with this you could add some early NASCAR races, motorcycles and even demolition derby's to it. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAnyway, I'm not really expecting for someone to make this as it probably wouldn't many gamers. I was just wondering what people think is interesting about such an idea and if people have even more ideas."
olfm8h,A role playing survival game based on the story of the Titanic where you are struck inside a boat and a role is assigned to you which would be selected by the server. I have added a brief detail and you people could weigh in your thoughts how you feel like.,
ovhp34,Platformer with some risk!,"A basic platformer (pick your favorite but I always invision Shovel Knight) but you carry a small flag with you. At any point in the level you can plop that flag down on the ground. After you do that, if you die you will return to the flag as your respawn point.\n\nThe catch? You can't pick the flag back up in a level. AND! You get points at the end based on how far the flag is from the end of the level! Extra points if you never drop your flag."
ovgtvf,An MMO RPG but with a twist,"Like valheim or minecraft u spawn on the corner of a large map on a safe space.the idea here Is to create a settlement on the corners of the large map and create a community of freinds or followers in case of a streamer.the majority of the map is going to be controlled by AI mobs and the point of this is to control the central part if not the whole map.you can go to war with different settlements to gain territory or race them to the centre.there can be bosses,dungeons and a ton of quests along the journey.after you reach the centre there can be a reward for the owner of the settlement who concure the last of the central territory.after this all the settlements can grow,maintain and try to survive and compete for territory.they can make alliances,form parties to raid dungeons and create unions and stuff like that.idk...I think somebody should try that."
ovgg8h,My game idea,"Ayy I had in mind of a psychedelic game but I didn't know how I could make into a game like what game genre and where it will be set, it's really hard cause I don't know exactly how and what kind of game will it be with something like psychedelic so it would really nice for people to suggest me some ideas I guess"
ovfydj,GTA V STYLE COP GAME,"Hear me out. How cool would a game set in a massive open world, such like that of Los Santos in GTA V- where instead of being criminals, you are actually the police department. Your world descends into chaos. There are riots, inflation is high and crime is on the rise. There could be a story mode where you play as a cop, starting as a security guard taken hostage during a bank robbery. After helping to escape, you become a cop and help to bring down the city’s toughest criminals. There could also be a multiplayer mode where you can mod your police cars, set up exquisite traps or just be down right stupid cops with your friends, all while trynna keep your job."
ovf1o4,Detective game based on Lietanant Columbo franchise,Would be an instabuy for me.
ovdmhj,Bloody ages gold,Inside of this game there is this massive cave that the deeper you go in the more dangerous it becomes\n\nLava slowly follows behind you\n\nBut this is also a multiplayer game\n\nThere is a bunch of traps inside of this cave that will make your character bleed to death and have very gruesome deaths inside of the game\n\nInside of every room there is A trap they must get around the survivors Will get around the trap to survive\n\nBut if you die you join the team that’s trying to kill the survivors\n\nThe last room is a giant bomb\n\nThe room catches on fire toxic chemicals released from the ceiling\n\nGrenades come up from the floor\n\nYou have to use the items in each room\n\nTo stop your self from dying\n\nWhy the lava is also catching up to you
ovb91i,I NEED A NAME FOR MY FIRST GAME....,I'm designing an 80's based Mystery game on an 80's based city.\n\nSo it's all connected to an arcade which in middle of the city.\nSo I would like to have a goofy and kind of good name for graffiti font.\n\nI'll make I'll be making this game.\nPlease help
ovb4n8,Multiplayer 2D game where combat is like Hyun's Dojo videos,"Hello. So I have always loved games where skill is the most valuable thing to have and you don't ""win"" just simply out of luck (let's say hitting a random critical strike, or finding a rarest loot), and till this day I have never gotten to experience anything like this other than fighting games, like Mortal Kombat, but I kind of don't like their setting, meaning that you are kind of locked in a small space and you are only fighting one enemy. My idea involves that there would be multiple people spawning on the same map, and all of them being on their own, fighting for highest points or something similar, but it's focus will be mainly combat, so you'd get situations like 1v3 fights, or 1v1v1v1 fights or stuff like that. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMainly it should be melee focused game with, as I've mentioned, easy to play, hard to master combat system with a lot of combos and interactions and whatnot. Also since it is going to be fast paced game, movement will be important as well, like double jumps, wall climbing, sliding, bullet jumping (from Warframe), you get the idea.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSetting would be some kind of dungeon similar to what we see in Dead Cells, and as title says, it'd be 2D so there'd be more momentum to the game.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI also like to think that verticality and bigger would play huge role as well, for example, being able to climb some kind of small platforms while another enemy is chasing you, only to find out at the and of your chosen path, another enemy awaits you.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nJust to make things more interesting, maybe there'd be optional PvE segment to the game, for farming up stuff, I always liked the idea of boss dropping rare items not because of 1% chance, but because you killed them inhumanly fast, hence you got rewarded for it. But this might be out of scope."
ov7zq8,I need a gameplay idea for a medieval fantasy setting,"I started working on a game idea on my own while having a full time job and I soon realized that my game is going to take much longer than I can afford. So I have to shrink my scope and get something simpler for a beginner like me. I want to have something published as a stepping stone into the game dev world and also to be able to make it at most in a year.\nThe premise that I have is that the playable character is a teen girl in the middle ages (don't have the century yet) where all the kids from the village she is in got kidnapped by witches and because she is the only one left, the village people blame her to ba a witch who helped to kidnap the kids. To prove her innocents, she has to try to find the kids and saved them or run away and never come back. The game will have monsters and characters inspired of European Folktales. \nMy problem is with the gameplay, since I want something simple that I could implement and it is fun to play, but I have no idea from where to start.\nI came up with an idea today, I could make it part light stealth game, where you have to infiltrate the witches places, find kids, solve puzzles and escape. I also want to have bosses where you can't attack back but you have a puzzle to solve in the area to kill the boss. The other part is survival where you have food and plants to take care of yourself and the kids that you have with you. You also have to travel from base to base and have random encounters. \nAbout me, I have some experience in Gamemaker 1.4.999 and Unreal 4, but I was thinking to make this as a 2d game. \nI wanted to ask here if it's simple enough or if there is a better idea to tackle this setting.\n\nThanks in advance 😊"
ov7y17,I need a game idea about,"I started working on a game idea on my own while having a full time job and I soon realized that my game is going to take much longer than I can afford. So I have to shrink my scope and get something simpler for a beginner like me. I want to have something published as a stepping stone into the game dev world and also to be able to make it at most in a year.\nThe premise that I have is that the playable character is a teen girl in the middle ages (don't have the century yet) where all the kids from the village she is in got kidnapped by witches and because she is the only one left, the village people blame her to ba a witch who helped to kidnap the kids. To prove her innocents, she has to try to find the kids and saved them or run away and never come back. The game will have monsters and characters inspired of European Folktales. \nMy problem is with the gameplay, since I want something simple that I could implement and it is fun to play, but I have no idea from where to start.\nI came up with an idea today, I could make it part light stealth game, where you have to infiltrate the witches places, find kids, solve puzzles and escape. I also want to have bosses where you can't attack back but you have a puzzle to solve in the area to kill the boss. The other part is survival where you have food and plants to take care of yourself and the kids that you have with you. You also have to travel from base to base and have random encounters. \nAbout me, I have some experience in Gamemaker 1.4.999 and Unreal 4, but I was thinking to make this as a 2d game. \nI wanted to ask here if it's simple enough or if there is a better idea to tackle this setting.\n\nThanks in advance 😊"
ov66nh,A simulation strategy game.,I need ideas for a simulation strategy game like Plaque inc or hearts of iron.\n\nTarget platform : PC\n\nArtstyle : 2D\n\nPlease just simple stuff.
ov64t5,A strategy game related to,[deleted]
ov1ehs,"A persistent factions/survival, open world multiplayer game about Colonial America/New England in the 1600s","Thought about this while on the toilet. Been very interested in King Philip's War and surrounding history recently. I thought it would be fun to play a game about this time period. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThere are several factions that players may join, i.e. Massachusetts Bay Colony, Connecticut Colony, Wampanoag Tribe, Nipmuc Tribe, etc. Each with specific characteristics related to their location, histories, etc. Colonists and indigenous peoples would ideally be very balanced, to promote skill-based play instead of a more 'colonists steamroll the natives with superior technology and disease' take (since the colonists, for some time, did have a hard time fighting the natives). The exact characteristics I am not sure of, but oh well. Maybe I will flesh it out more later. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe game should incorporate systems of base building, economics, diplomacy, combat and more. It would be dynamic, much more than just a war simulator. Ideally, factions, should be encouraged to interact in a multitude of ways other than armed conflict. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n'Rounds' should be longish. Perhaps similar to ""wipes"" in Rust and Escape From Tarkov, where the map is reset once a week, month, etc. in order to prevent a game from going stale, or to prevent one faction from taking over too much for a long time. Several maps could exist, or they could be randomly generated. Each faction should have a starting point, a small piece of land that they control (or to make it more realistic, natives start with more land, but this could easily upset balance). These starting points would be just as plentiful in resources, and just as strategic as all others, so no factions have any unfair starting advantages. Factions should be able to claim land for themselves, but at a cost: literally, with currency, or by making it so that overextended colonies and tribes are put at disadvantages by spreading themselves too thin. Treaties should allow factions to negotiate land claims. Perhaps a war score system could exist, similar to the one in games such as HOI4 and EU4, in order to aid this.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCharacters should be able to assume different positions within the faction. There should, of course, be a leader, that is elected, or whatnot, a surgeon, soldiers, etc. Nothing too overwhelming, just basic hierarchy. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCombat should be fairly straightforward. There are melee (swords, spears, pikes, etc) weapons and there are ranged (muskets, bows and arrows, etc) weapons, as well as some sort of armor for both sides (though colonists would obviously win here. Could scrap armor if too fucky with balance). Melee combat should not be over-complicated, but interesting enough to have a learning curve, and be satisfying to master. No weapon should be too much more powerful than another. If a player can fight, it shouldn't matter too much what they fight with (that is of course, unless someone with a dagger goes up against someone with a sword. Of course, they'd be at a disadvantage, but on the other hand, they should still be able to pull it off if they're good enough. Think Mount and Blade.) Of course, as it is the 1600s, guns should have pretty poor accuracy. Weather should affect their use. If it's stormy, probably not the best to try and use your flintlock. This could hurt balance, but could be evened out by colonists having better armor/weapons, though not by too large of a degree. Natives and colonists should, at the core, always be capable of giving the other, or each other, a hard time. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nDynamic diplomacy should exist. Factions should be able to make agreements, form alliances, join coalitions, and infight. It should be interesting and encouraged enough that players do not constantly seek to wage war against one another for the sake of war. **This should not be a war game with other elements. War should be but one cog in the machine.** I, of course, realize that it also relies heavily on the players to decide on whether they wish to immerse themselves in the diplomatic elements of the game over the military ones. Perhaps war could have negative effects on economy and manpower, making life harder for those who wage it, in order to give it some weight? Maybe people could be able to send letters to others? Or have to carry the letters themselves, braving the wilderness, or foreign hostility?\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEconomy should also be important. Players should be able to farm, chop lumber, raise animals, or do things like smith for money, or to trade with other players and factions. Currency COULD exist, but simple trade would be more encouraged, especially with other factions. Perhaps merchant NPCs could wander New England's landscape, peddling various items? Who knows?\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe world should be relatively large and dynamic, with several different distinct terrains and areas to explore. Several natural monuments and landmarks should exist, in order to make navigation possible. Maps could work, as well, but not with a player's position pointed out. A map should just be a piece of paper with the map drawn out on it, a tool that players can use in conjunction with landmarks and recognizable areas in order to properly navigate their world. Different terrains should have distinct differences, pros and cons. Forests would be harder to navigate than plains. Natives might have a battle advantage (or even some kind of navigational advantage, since they know the land) in specific areas such as swamps and forests, whereas the colonists might be in a superior position if they fight in fields. Wildlife should be very present. Small animals like birds and squirrels, even raccoons could be hunted for meat and pelts, along with elk and deer. Bears and other dangerous predators could pose a serious threat to players who choose to leave the safety of their homes unarmed, alone, or at night. Fishing could have its own system, as well!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe game should encourage roleplaying and interesting and complex interaction between players. Although they might belong to a tribe or colony, these players are still individuals, each with their own in-depth personalities and stories. Stories that they may write themselves.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIn-game voice chat and text chat would be ideal, though text chat should be limited to fellow members of factions, and ideally proximity-based. Voice would also, obviously, be proximity-based. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe players should be at odds with hunger, temperature, and stamina systems. A player should be able to easily freeze to death in snow if they are not properly equipped, for example. They should have to eat relatively frequently, though not overbearingly so. Sprinting and melee combat should drain stamina, which recharges quickly. Weather should affect a player's condition. Players could become too hot or cold. Rain should make players more susceptible to freezing. Mud and snow should hinder movement. Additionally, night time should be dark and somewhat difficult to navigate. Light should be important. Where there is light, there is safety. A player should have a hard time out in the wilderness, alone at night, where they are prime targets for enemies or predators.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nInventory should be affected by equipment. A player with a sack can hold more than one who doesn't. Weight could affect character movement. The more things someone is lugging around, the slower they may go. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nResources such as wood, stone, and more would require harvesting in order to build things in settlements, fortify walls, etc. Gathering resources should be relatively easy, but require tools. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nHistorical accuracy should be important. Not to an overly pedantic amount, but things should still be accurate for the most part. I wouldn't want to see any magic or anything of the sort, either. As much as the people of this time might've believed in and feared it, it shouldn't have a place in the game. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOverall, this game should be paced, and thrive off of player interaction, roleplay, and patience. It should be an immersive and engaging experience that keeps things fresh with wipes and diverse and fleshed-out systems, without becoming arcade-y. It shouldn't become monotomous! There should be basic functions like farming and wood-gathering that are just chores, but nothing else should feel like a boring routine. The game should encourage teamwork within factions in order to survive. Above all, surviving is the most important thing. Decimating your neighbors or living as a swamp hermit could be fun, but also incredibly challenging if you lack the grit to pull it off.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThese are just some VERY basic outlines I came up with for the game's structure, and I am not a game designer. The most experience I have is making games on Scratch in middle school. If anyone would like to add on, or give their ideas, please do! I'd love to flesh this idea out more. Let's talk!"
ouxce1,What are some of your ideas for crappy mobile games?,Give me your shittiest hyper casual mobile game ideas.
oux7el,High school Marching band game,"This game would be about you making music, organizing a marching band, and making the best marching band to exist. \n\nThe mechanics are song making, player’s skill, teaching, and management. \n\n-song making \nYou can take existing parts or making your own music to make pep toons, show music etc. when making a song you can control what instruments are played, how they are play, and visuals. however when you make a song, you have to mind the difficulty and “rating”. if a song is a song is easy, it could be not very good, however if it is hard, it could be good . You must strangle the two because if you have too many hard songs, you gonna have to choose the right \n\n\nplayers\n\nYou will be given random players and your job is to put them in the best spot to be played. Some will be labeled as “poor” or “excellent” which will dictate how good they are.\n\n\nTeaching\n\nPlayer will be taught in 5 week period by section leaders no matter what but if you train with them, that get a bonus teaching level. however there is a time limit for each day.to help people and if you pass the limit the day ends.\n\nManagement\nMostly like fundraisers, what to spend money on, just money spending and all that. \n\nAfter training, you go in to the game phase and the competition phase.  Game phase will make you more popular is your band is good, and less popular if your band is bad. if you have a really good band you can go in to competition which will dictate your future . If you bad, you gotta start over again , If your goodyoull get more people in addition into your current players, making it hard to manage. \n\n\nthe more years you survive it gets harder."
ouwthe,Super Mario Souls,"I've been having this idea on the back of my head for a while, ever since I saw an artwork in the internet of a ""realistic"" Bowser. It was a Bowser that genuinely looked like a demon, facing Mario with fire flower's power and holding Princess Peach in a hanging cage.  \n\nThe artist (""JasonChanArt"") called it ""Mario Souls"".\n\n[This is the artwork] (https://www.deviantart.com/jasonchanart/art/Mario-Souls-612487561)\n\nPersonally, I think a video game based on this idea would be really fun, being like an alternate version of Mario, reimagined. I also read a comment that imagined this being what Mario truly sees, and everything else in other games are actually like that thanks to a filter that makes things look color and joyful. \n\nStory-wise, it's just another Mario story. Maybe show Mario and Luigi's origin, but I would definitely make it being a story about the first time Bowser kidnapped Princess Peach, the first time he was ever seen and recognized as a threat by the Mushroom Kingdom, and the first time Bowser and Mario faced each other. \n\nIn terms of gameplay, I think this is where the most fun would come out of. After seeing Sekiro's mechanic where you have to break an enemy's posture in order to damage him, I believe a similar mechanic could be implemented in Mario Souls. Before you go comment and shit on this idea saying that Mario would never use a sword or a shield...I completely agree with you. That's why the combat mechanic that I thought of is this:\n\n- In the original Super Mario games, there was only one way for you to defeat enemies: jumping on their heads. However, only that would be kinda easy in this game, and this is supposed to be Mario Souls. So in order for you to defeat enemies, you need to find an opening to hit 'em, like Sekiro, (and the enemies would still be goombas and turtles, maybe redesigned, but I think it's okay for them to keep the same looks, maybe a little bit more realistic).\n- The enemies attack you by charging at you. If they touch you, you get hit. You can receive up to 2 hits, before a 3rd one finally kills you, and brings the ""game over"" screen. \n- The enemies don't have an HP level, since all it takes is one hit to kill them, but instead they have a STAMINA level. You must tire them off in order to jump on their heads, and for that you need to DODGE. A lot. Thus, the whole combat would focus on ""dodge, dodge, dodge, kill"". Once the stamina has worn off by evading, you can finally jump on their heads and kill 'em.\n- Another thing I thought about, is that there is a secret progression system by the amount of enemies you defeat, and once in a while (and randomly) you can finish enemies off by jumping on them straight ahead, without needing to dodge and worn them off.\n- If you try to hit them while they have their stamina bar at its fullest, they will hit you.\n- If you dodge JUST before they hit you, you can deplete their stamina bar completely, and finish them off. That would be the ""parry"" in this game. The visceral attack.\n\nAs far as the camera goes, I think the common souls-like 3rd person perspective can work. \n\nThe visual would be the same style of the artwork I mentioned earlier, go check it out if you haven't yet. Maybe there could be a ""realistic Mario"" as well. \n\nIn terms of Level and World Design, this wouldn't be a platform game, and I still have to think a lot about that, since these aspects in Souls games, specially from FromSoftware, are the best thing about the whole game, so if anyone has any ideas about that, plz comment.\n\nAnother thing that I don't think could be added, are the classic question mark boxes, but if you have an idea about how they could be used, once again, plz comment.\n\nAnd that's pretty much it, I don't know if you could make a 5 hour game with tons of levels based on this idea, but just a couple of levels and a boss fight with Bowser at the end would be really fun."
outcqv,Some Abstract Concepts I need help linking together,"Hi I have some abstract concepts for a game that I want to develop into something more coherent.  \n\n\nTo set the scene, I was thinking:  \n\- The art style is a playful 3D Toon  \n\- Third or isometric perspective\n\nI have a couple of concepts that I want to include:  \n \- Exploration that is limited by something (fuel or nightfall, etc)  \n \- Slowly build up more territory or infrastructure to journey further  \n \- Large beasts that roam the world, that limit your expansion until they are defeated, and can destroy some of your infrastructure to throw a wrench into your plans  \n \- Some kind of farming to supply your exploration  \n \- A little buddy that follows you around\n\nI know this is a very constrained list, but let me know if you have any idea on how to link a couple of these ideas together"
ourxuq,A 2D sidescrolling rpg/action adventure game based on medieval illuminated manuscripts/miniatures,
ourozt,ProcGen Battle Royale,"I see so many shooter games where you can lose to someone that knows the map better than you, maybe you didn't know about a specific peak you could've taken or a back entrance that your opponent sneakily took to bamboozle you. \n\nLet's not forget those who take advantage of dirty glitched snipe spot that no one would even consider to expect.\n\nIs there, or could there be, a ProcGen Battle Royale that gives you know map knowledge advantage what so ever?\n\nFor instance, the core of a building in a city is taken at random from a selection, and then its addons such as windows/balconies/walls/outside stairwells are also selected at random to create a unique building in a randomly generated city plan. Further features may include that no city building is the same as another. In open areas it certainly doesn't hurt to have varying terrain with a selection of rock formations, trenches and derelict housing.\n\nI feel like Rust, whilst it has taken many years to get it right, has finally managed to get onto something - it's terrain generation is fantastic with it's monument placement now tuned into to surrounding environment but, it doesn't matter what server you go onto it will never feel the same. Every game is different.\n\nWhilst most Battle Royale/Shooter games do feel different with each game that is not up to the map, that is entirely up to the playerbase and how many bots vs sweats you have in your lobby - if you take away the one thing that gives multiple thousand hours an advantage, which is map knowledge, not only do you give the vet players a refreshingly new experience everytime, you also give the newer players a fair chance to come out on top thus keeping a higher playerbase!\n\nThis isn't quite a ted talk, but I'd like to thank you for coming either way.  \n\n\nTL;DR - RNG FPS good, static map FPS bad"
oupojp,Horror game about playing a non horror game.,"This is kind of meta, but in the game you'd be sitting at a desk playing a game on a PC. As you play the game creepy stuff starts to happen in the room around you. The game-within-a-game starts to become creepier, featuring more horror elements as you progress. You can look around the room for hints about how to progress in the game-within-a-game.\n\nFor example yoy might hear tapping on the window. First time you look over there is a tree branch. You look back to the game-within-a-game and see there is a monster looking through a window now. If you look back at the window in the outer game, suddenly it's the monster tapping on the window, and other such spooky nonsense akin to five nights at Freddy's.\n\nThe inner game would be simple, 2d and probably puzzle based. Story in the inner game would be conveyed through text. The outer game would be 3d, and would be first person. This would also work quite well as a VR game."
oupi85,A lovecraftian survival game set on R’lyeh kinda like Conan Exiles,
oup8sx,Earth Avengers: A Space Invaders game where humans are the invaders,"Feel free to use this idea.  This would be a great simple game for beginner programmers and game designers.\n\nStory:  After a failed invasion attempt in 1978, a mothership managed to flee the Earth to a nearby solar system.  As the captain of this ship, you feel bad about your people’s attack on the Earth, and would like to establish a peaceful colony on this new world. Unfortunately, the humans wanted revenge.  They just wouldn’t let it go!  You must defend your newly formed colony from the Earth avengers!\n\nGameplay:  The structure of the game is identical to the original Space Invaders, but it’s on an alien world with spaceships from Earth attacking. You control the mobile cannon at the bottom of the screen. Instead of a mothership, a space station occasionally flies overhead, and you get extra points if you shoot it down.  There are 3 barriers between you and the attackers, just like in the original. These barriers are shot away over time. The stages are endless, and get harder over time.  You have 3 lives, but you gain one extra life for every 5,000 points. You lose the game when you run out of lives, or when an invader reaches the bottom. As with the original, the invaders speed up as they get closer to the bottom.\n\nBackground: The background is an alien world with a bluish-green sky, exotic plants and alien buildings. The background music sound like the same theme from the original Space Invaders, which speeds up as the number of enemies goes down and they get faster.\n\nScoring:  This is pretty simple. you get points for enemy ships that you shoot down, and extra points for shooting down the space station. Players should be able to submit their scores to a server, which would keep track of the highest scores globally."
ouo2ae,A marketable Mobile 2D game,Pls tell me a simple 2D game for mobile.
oumejt,A large scope space game where you create your player character's alien race and the game populates the universe with NPCs of that race.,"I didn't know whether to tag this as Dream or Mechanic, since it really only goes into one aspect of the game itself. Since I don't know if something like this is mechanically possible, I tagged it as Dream.\n\nIt always kind of bugs me when a high SF space game only has a handful of alien races to represent the general populace. The Destiny series comes to mind where even after two games and countless expansions, and you still only fight the same four alien races (and their ""taken"" counterparts, which makes 5, I guess.) Mass Effect does it a little better, with a dozen or so alien races populating the universe.\n\nI always preferred stories like Hitchhiker's Guide or Guardians of the Galaxy, where the pages are overflowing with weird and wacky alien designs. To me, a universe teeming with life should be represented by an abundance of different creatures and cultures.\n\nThus, the game idea. This would be a large scale MMO (yes I know you're already rolling your eyes but bear with me) where your character creation actually effects the in game universe. \n\nThe premise is the game takes place in a sort of central hub for the entire universe, where all walks of life converge, trade, and discuss diplomacy. Once again, think Mass Effect.\n\nWhen you create your character, you are given an extremely detailed editor to essentially form whatever type of alien you want (within reason. I think for mechanic's sake, you would have to create something at least vaguely humanoid.) You can mold every portion of your character to your exact specifications. Does your player have hair or feathers? Does it have horns? Is it organic or robotic? What shape are it's irises? Is it 8 feet or 3 feet tall? How many fingers does it have?\n\nOnce you create your character, you are brought to a screen where you answer questions about it's race. What planet does it come from? Is it a war motivated race or does it strive for peace? What is the environment like on it's home planet. Finally, you're asked to give a backstory to your character's race. \n\nOnce you've finished creating your character, the game begins to populate the universe with NPCs of the alien race you've created. It does this by taking the player character you've created and algorithmically making slight changes to the model's physiology. It makes differences in height, facial and skeletal proportions, aesthetic changes like hairstyles, eye color, etc... \n\nEach player that joins the game brings a new race to interact with the sprawling game world. You'll see NPCs from your homeworld interacting with each other in the game's social hubs or going on their own quests on hostile planets. They can even give you procedurally generated missions of their own.\n\nIf you inspect an NPC that is not from your homeworld, you can pull up their race's backstory, as written by other characters. You could even make in game decisions like your homeworld is at war with another player's (this would be an extremely advanced mechanic, lol.) \n\nThe game would populate, but not overpopulate, the universe with all of these converging races and give an all new immersive experience.\n\nObviously, there are a lot of hurdles with this idea. Trolls and lazy players come to mind, who would create offensive or otherwise inorganic races and planets. I would suppose a detailed moderation team would have to be implemented to keep the game cohesive. That being said, controversial alien races may add to the experience. After all, the game is a converging of many different people with many different cultures. It wouldn't all be utopian peace.\n\nI don't have much more than that. I think a game that implemented this would be neat. It would take a LOT of resources to work but I think it would be a space game like nothing we've seen before."
ouki5i,Lego game.,"[Sorry for bad spelling and grammar]\n\n(Lego video games has always been something I'd play when I get bored from other video games, what I like about the lego games is the characters and unlocking all the characters, more like collecting actual lego figs)\n\n- Lego Earth/ Lego History/ Lego WW: \n\n.These 3 titles have always been something I wanted to see from lego. \n\n- HUB areas and open world: \n\n. I always thought the hub areas could be different countries or diffenet famous war sites in differnet countries, or even include the whole countries that participated in the WW but this would be too much and is most likely not to happen. \n\n- Roster: \n\n. The roster is what made me even think about this game, basically the character are gonna be historical characters from differnet countries (Hitler), artists who existed at the time (Leonardo DaVinci), Scientists (Einstein), the soldiers and rankings of each country's army, and so much more character. This would probably be one of the biggest lego games character roster ever. \n\n- Story:\n\n.The story of this game would be way bigger than any other lego game, each mission will be a story for example the story of the mona lisa, how the Wright brothers made a plane, 16 days of Berlin and many more major historical events. \n\n- Purpose: \n\n. This game could be a very great game to teach younger people more about history in the comedic way of Lego games, also it could be a really fun game for history enthusiasts."
ougwkq,Outward Style RPG set in the Crusades,"I recently picked up Outward, and much like my last post concerning a medieval doctor rpg, another idea came to me. An RPG similar to Outward in that it is a hardcore rpg, but set during one of the Holy Crusades for Jerusalem. \n\nBeing that the game would take place in a real and preferably historically accurate setting, no magic would be present. \n\nPerhaps to make up for a lack of spell casting the weapons, armor, and crafting systems could be made more intricate. A layers system like Kingdom Come for armor, with different aesthetic pieces and ornaments depending on which faction you were part of (whether that be the Muslims or one of the many factions of knights that participated.) \n\nI like the idea from Outward that you are no one special and any skill you wish to acquire you have to work for. Perhaps as a way to get your character into the setting, if you choose to start of as a European (who would then obviously have to find their way into a mercenary guild, be a knight, or be conscripted), a Kingdom of Heaven style setup, wherein you didn't know your father, he shows up going to the Crusades and wants to take you with him, dies of some injury or illness on the way or upon arrival, but on his deathbed he knights you and so on. \n\nHeavily tie in the religious aspect, such as having the ""main story"" affected by how zealous and devout you are. \n\nPerhaps a few larger scale battles for historical accuracy and to add in some more combat. \n\nMake leprosy a concern. If contracted it obviously effefts the outcome of the game. Perhaps, depending on how pious you are, according to the faith of whichever faction, your god may miraculously heal you of it.\n\nI also liked the system from Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood where you sent Brotherhood members on missions. So maybe, depending on how high you rank up in your given guild or faction you take on some administrative role that has you sending companies or regiments out on patrols, scouting parties, etc.and they gain experience through well, experience lol."
oufikj,A visual novel where you play games with people.,"I think it would be fun to have a visual novel that's all about playing games co-op with npcs and talking with them while you do it. You could have their ai change to reflect changes in your relationship, or hint that something is going wrong in their life. Games would probably be pretty simple arcade style affairs."
oufgic,Ninja Run,Download my endless running game from Amazon appstore for free.
oufacg,Chivalry 2 and For Honor have a baby,"I have started playing Chivalry 2 at its release, and I have recently picked up For Honor. While I love For Honor's feel, look and gamemodes, I much more prefer Chivalry's combat. So my new game dream is to someday have a game with Chivalry's combat system and the rest taken from FH. I would pay a truckload of greens for it. 😅"
