id,title,clee
57q81b,A couple of questions to owners of the PSVR,[deleted]
57nvxr,Cinematic story driven action game where you play a superpowered chicken,"The game would somewhat have a similar feel to a Quantic dream game, with emphasis on realistic graphics and a multiple choice story. However, there are no quicktime events or button prompts, so you have to figure out which button activates which power and figure out how using each power at different points shapes the story. For instance, you could escape the coop at the start of the game and go on an adventure, or you could use a power when the farmer is near you, causing him to tour you around and become famous. When the villain picks you up you could let him steal you and turn you into a weapon chicken for use in black ops, or you could just laser his face off. I imagine the story would have to end with some kind of alien invasion or nuclear blast, probably caused by the chicken."
57nmov,"Protocol 7, a fast paced FPS","This is a fast paced fps that I have been thinking (and possibly going to make in the near future) and would like your thoughts and comments about the game. \n\nName: Protocol 7\n\nConcept overview: A fast paced fps where you need to constantly move\n\nPlot:\nThe year is 2077. As the world population continues to rise, the number of crimes also increase. Due to this, the number of prisoners increase to the point where the prisons cant hold all of the inmates. To solve this problem, the government has issued protocol 7, which is to make the inmates fight for each other in an arena for their survival. Those who win will be released from the prison. Those who don't will die.\n\nSetting:\n-Campaign: work in progress\n-Multiplayer: \nMap 1: Prison 7\nMap 2: Marketplace\nMap 3: Hanger\nMap 4: Lab 101 (Science Lab)\nMap 5: Metal Factory (Floor is mostly lava)\nMap 6: Community Map\n*Community map: This is a new concept I have been thinking about (I dont know if its new or not). Every month, there will be a vote among the players on what community made map they would like to stay on the game. The map that gets selected will be chosen the map of the month and will be playable for one month in the game. \n\nCharacters (class)\nGrunt (Normal Health and speed)\nRunner (Fast speed but low health)\nTank (A lot of health but terrible speed)\n\nGameplay mechanics:\nBecause this is a fast paced fps shooter, the character must be able to slide, wall run, and use the grappling hook to travel fast around the map. Also, to add more fun to the game, the players must constantly move, and if they stop for 3 seconds, they will explode and die.\n\nWeapons:\nWhen a new player starts the game, they will have the choice to pick one of the four pistols\nRevolver (Lanchester)\nG(lock) Type Pistol (Spitfire)\nD(essert Eagle) Type Pistol (Murlock)\nB(erreta) Type Pistol (BN 414)\n\nAs the player levels up, they will be able to unlock more pistols.\nOther weapons will be obtainable in-game, and here is the list\nLaser Rifle ""Nightwatch"" (A one shot one kill weapon, but terrible reload speed and ammo capacity)\nMachine gun ""Big Daddy"" (A normal Machine gun)\nUnguided Rocket launcher ""Lupus"" (An unguided Rocket Launcher)\nHoming Missle Launcher ""Homingbird"" (It will lock on other players""\nShotgun ""Orion"" (A shotgun, slow reload speed, high damage)\n\nStandard combat knife (3 strikes to kill an enemy)\nHammer ""Retirement"" (Left click for a medium swing, Right click for heavy swing)\nLaser Blade ""Ravager"" (Left click to swing, right click to stab)\n\nFrag Grenade\nBear Trap (This will damage and slow the enemy, but can only target 1 person)\nFlash Bang\nSonar Mine (This will ping other enemies' location once it explodes)\nSticky Bomb (This will slow the enemy, not much compared to the bear trap, but can target multiple enemies)\n\nGrappling Hook: This will be given to all the players. You can either use the hook to pull yourself to others or move around the map.\nOther weapons will be added later.\n\nPossible platform(s):\nPC\n\nOther notes:\nWill be made with Unreal Engine 4\nIf you like my idea or would like to criticize it, please feel free to comment below. (I know the game sounds like Unreal Tournament, but it is different from it because it has a different play style and game mechanics.) "
57iev8,Why you should become a game programmer instead of posting game ideas you will never make.,
57hym0,"Horror stealth game based on Home Invasion Films (Ex: The Strangers, You're Next.)","This is a game I've wanted for years but sadly have yet to see. Wonder if anyone else is as interested as I am. I had the idea in my head for a long time but lacked the words to describe it until recently. \n\n•Player assumes the role of a woman who is home alone in a giant house in the middle of the woods.\n\n•3 masked killers break into the house and try to kill the player and rob them.\n\n•Player must use their knowledge of horror movies and stealth to maneuver around the house in hopes of eliminating the killers in some way. Either by alerting someone or by killing all 3 of them.\n\n•Killers use different tactics each game such as cutting the power, killing a police officer that is sent to investigate disturbances, etc.\n\n•Game would have multiple endings depending on how you choose to play the game and each randomly generated event caused by the killers factors into the ending. This allows for a lot of replayability after the first playthrough. \n\n•Each playthrough the player unlocks new stuff including different masks for the killers, new weapons previously unavailable their first time playing, and if the player unlocks all the endings, a new game mode titled ""Break-In Mode"" would be unlocked where you play as one of the killers and have to break into another house and kill the occupants to get to their secret stash.\n\n•Game would be in first person by default, but 3rd person would be an unlockable. Along with different filters to play the game in like Grindhouse, Black and White, and Modern (where the camera is very shaky similar to most horror movies now a days.)\n\n•Each killer would have their own distinct weapon and be very difficult to kill without alerting the others. Strategy and stealth would be key here.\n\n•It would be entirely possible to not kill any of the killers, but it'd be one of the hardest things to accomplish.\n\n•Of course, the Player loses the game if the killers catch the girl. They will then engage in a gruesome game over death that will change depending on what part of the house they're in. (For example, if the player is caught in the living room, the killers will pick up a tv and drop it on the players head.)\n\n•Title is a work in progress, but the best one I have so far is ""Who's There?""\n\nAnd thats about it! What do you guys think? If you have any questions or suggestions, leave a comment, I'd love to hear them! :) Thanks for reading!"
57hgcq,[META] Have any posts on this subreddit been the inspiration of a game?,"If so, I think it would be interesting and useful to post examples of them in the wiki to show how a post can lead to a game title."
57fjbl,"""Simple"" Hack and Slash Arcade Game Idea!","Title: The Hell Pawns\n\nGenre: Third Person Hack and Slash Arcade-ish\n\nPremise:\n\n- The Demon Lord, Bazzes, has summoned millions of minions and you are one of the expandables. Your only task is to weaken the heroes of the light before they reach Bazzes' throne, or even kill them in the process!\n\nGameplay:\n\n- You are one of the many pawns, you must defend your summoner, Bazzes, from the onslaught of the armies of the Heroes of the Light. You can equip yourself with the many hellish melee arms, such as the Trident, the Scythe, the hellbound Sai, and many more! The Heroes of the Light will be overwhelming and are going to overwhelm you, but do not waver as you are one of the many hell spawns and will continue to be reproduced as long as the Hell Tower still stands. So, until then, fight, weaken, and if you're lucky (or skillful enough), kill the three Heroes of the Light.\n\nMechanics:\n\n- Once you're spawned in, kill as many lowlies of the opposing force as you can and charge onto one of the Heroes of the Light so the next time you spawn, you will become a tougher hell spawn with higher health points, better armors, and upgraded choices of weapons. Each heroes of the light will have their own pair of Loyal Guardians. If you are able to kill a pair of loyal guardians guarding one of the heroes, you will be transcended as one of the Legendary Hell Spawns the next time you sacrificed yourself. Once you've become a Legendary Hell Spawn, you will have even higher chance of killing one of the heroes, but do not get ahead of yourself as once you've killed one of the heroes, the two heroes will bind themselves as the True Hero of the Light and two pairs of Loyal Guardians if you hadn't managed to kill them all. So, be brave, be tactical, and be true to your summoner.\nIf the heroes managed to destroy the Hell Tower, you will not be able to spawn back in and Bazzes will let himself out from the safety of his throne room and fight the Heroes of the Light. His fate solely depends on how much fight you've put up against the Heroes of the Light before the Hell Tower falls down."
57f8lf,Third Person Haunted Mansion Multiplayer Game,"Title: Amelia's Diary\n\nGenre: Third Person Horror Multiplayer\n\nPremise:\n\n- Four friends dared themselves to go inside a haunted mansion to find the lost diary of Amelia. They managed to get inside the mansion, but they've somehow lost themselves and must cope with the odds that are inside the mansion. The mansion can somehow move its rooms by itself every two minutes.\n\nGameplay:\n\n- Up to four players play as the four friends and up to four players play as the dwellers of the mansion. The mission for the four friends is to find and unlock the switch that will light the torches leading them to the center of the mansion and the mission of the four dwellers is to drive them crazy by possessing the furniture that have been previously touched by Amelia.\n\nMechanics:\n\n- Four players will have been randomly placed inside the mansion and must find their way to the center of the mansion by finding switches that will light the torches. The room will shake, indicating that they have been moved to random part of the mansion, every two minutes. So, the four players must find and unlock the switch quickly! As for the dwellers, they cannot see nor hear the four friends, but they can roam the mansion freely and can possess only the furniture touched by Amelia. However, the dwellers can see the finger prints of the four friends and pinpoint their location. If the four players are present, once one of the players reaches the center of the mansion, they will perform a ritual that is written in Amelia's diary to summon the portal that will rid the mansion of all evils and they will remain unharmed as long as they are performing the rites. If the three of the friends fail to join with the one performing the ritual, the one will be consumed by the dwellers and become one with the mansion. If two are performing the ritual and the rest fail to join up with them, they will also suffer the same fate as those who fail. However, if three people are performing the ritual and one fails, the essence of Amelia will join the group to perform the ritual, thus ending the evil inside the mansion. \n\nThere is also a single survivor mode, meaning that there will only be one survivor, and one dweller. The premise is the same, the only survivor must find a way to the center of the mansion, summon Amelia and get rid of the dweller forever."
57ezpy,First Person Magic Battle Arena,"Title: Arcana\n\nGenre: FPS Arena\n\nPremise:\nTwo wizard schools are chosen to compete in a century long championship in the Arena of the Arcane to determine the legendary school for another century. Hundreds of wizards and witches are participating in the championship to represent their schools and understanding of their wizardry and witchcraft.\n\nGameplay:\nPlayers are dropped into the Arena to fight the opposing schools and they are to push into the middle of the arena to take over the Arcane Crystal. Once the Crystal is taken over, the players must defend the Crystal until it shines the bright light that will signal the true legendary Arcane School for the next century.\n\nMechanics:\nPlayers can choose to be either a wizard or a witch and pick one of the five classes available. As masterful wizards and witches, they are all capable of using basic wandcasting, and ring magic casting, except for the Runians as they are the masters of the art of book-casting and do not expose themselves to other arts of magic. The classes include:\n\n- Alchemists:\nAlchemists have honed their skills in potion-making and other arsenic products. They are able to produce potions to aid themselves and their colleagues and throw sinister brews at their enemies.\n\n- Runians:\nRunians are outstanding book-casters. They have trained themselves to be the sole book-casters of their schools and isolate themselves from other wizardries and witchcrafts. Runians can cast any sort of ailments or weathers to anyone who oppose them, and project auras onto their allies.\n\n- Wandcasters:\nSome learned the basics, some others master the basics and Wandcasters are those who have dedicated their life in the craft of the sacred wands. The mastery in the craft of sacred wands have allowed the wizards and witches to wield wands with both of their hands and cast the sacred form of all wandcrafts.\n\n- Staffwielders:\nStaff wielding has been the staple of all the wizards and witches, but those who dwelve deeper in the art of staff wielding have truly been blessed with extraordinary spells that can only be cast with staves and uncanny close quarter staff combat.\n\n- Summoners:\nBack in the ancient times when scrolls are still a thing to be learned from, some wizards and witches have figured out a way to put organic materials into the planes of the scrolls and put them out again as they please and this is what Summoners do for their living. Summoners have since found out a way to summon Arcane creatures grafted onto stones or drawn on scrolls.\n\nIn the midst of the chaos that will ensue in the competition, the Arcanians, the watcher of the Arena, will occasionally bless the Arena with Arcane objects and those who found them will be blessed as long as the objects remain close to their proximity. "
57bthz,Intermediate Game Dev looking for Ideas,"Hi! I'm an intermediate game dev looking for ideas, but you probably know that as you've seen the title.\nI'm taking ideas and suggestions for a game, because I don't really have any ideas (I'm not good at brainstorming).\nI've been working with Game Maker for about 3-4 years and I need a challenge.\n\nThe restrictions are:\n-No massive, AAA game ideas. Read the title.\n-No games for any other console than: PC, Mac, IOS and Android.\n-No copying ideas (From existing games)\n\nThe game idea that wins will be put on GameJolt when it's finished, and whoever made the idea will get credit and possibly a payment (If the game makes any money :P). Also the game will be free.\n\nThat's basically all I have to say. Hope I can find a good idea! :D"
57am10,Help Create A Game?,"Okay, so i've had an idea for a while now. for a game. but i'm crap at stories, and lore. It's a top town RPG, i wanted to make a mixture of 3 games.\n1, The lore of Zelda (Confusing and a bunch of timelines). \n\n2, Some mechanics of pokemon, (Running, Battles)\n\n3, The feel of Undertale, and it's characters.\n\nI have somewhat of a ""Story"", but it needs a lot of work, also i have a few characters i've made (The style will be pixel art)\n\nso, if you're interested please PM me, or message me on\nSkype, Isaac8950. Thank you"
57a1nd,Ultimate city building game?,"Here is what i have in mind.\nA randomly generated map. Each generated map(or pre-made) sets the campaign.\nOn each map, you can select an area. The area is procedurally generated based on the abstract map model.\n\nEach area is quiet huge, so city includes the hinterland, large farming areas and distant mines or ports connected to central area.\n\nThe game functions somewhat similar to banished but with more details which i am not getting into. Tho it needs to function a little more abstract to represent realistic population figures. A balance needs to be found betweeb skylines and banished :P\n\nThe game starts with neolithical technology/design. From then on architecture evolves into the culture you have pre-picked( e.g classical greek, persian, anatolian etc...)\nIf possible, each culture has somewhat unique styles.\nThere is also a playable nomad mechanic.\n\nThe game in my mind however is set in eastern meditrenean and focuses mostly on ancient greek polis.\nThere are also various policy mechanisms such as democracy, kingdom, confederation to influence the city building aspect.\n\nEach city built produces things. And on one map, as you revert back to strategic map, you can establish other cities. Each city can interact with each other(diplomacy- part of a kingdom, free coty etc, trade, migration, war).\n\nThis would be the core of the game.\nNow even crazier bit would be becoming a character in this game where you can interact with the city you build in a fps way(though very basic, without getting into new graphics  dimension for pov)\nAlternatively, the game could have a total waresque war system.\n\nI am really into coty building games and i feel like it isnt getting the love it deserves..."
579dpi,Mobile game where you prevent to sides attacking each other,"So you have two somethings (maybe dogs), that met in a place (maybe park) that try to attack each other with you in the middle. So, you, equipped with all the weird gadgets must fend them off, because of reasons.\n\nFor example: two dogs on each side of you trying to bite each other, you in the middle must kick the shit out of the one that try (they will come back and try again, of course)"
5a8fdf,An open-world multiplayer zombie game in the vane of DayZ except each player at the beginning of the game has their own secret objective to win the game.,
5a7mtb,A horror game with a unique twist,"This here is not really an idea for a game, but rather a idea for a twist in a storyline.\n\nThis game starts of like the typical horror/survival game, waking up in an unknown, dark facility, only with a revolver, a flashlight and 6 bullets, not remembering what happened before. A friendly, feminine voice (like Glados) tells you that you have been ""selected"" and that she is here to help and guide you through the facility.\n\nIn the first part of the story, the voice tells you that there are enemies around which you have to avoid, and that she/it will restart the game from a previous checkpoint if you come too close to an enemy. As you go through the first part, you find digital writings that specify the enemy closer, describing it like a monster. At midnight, the friendly voice tells you that there is going to be an minor electricity issue and that the main computer is going to be shut down for a brief amount of time.\n\nThe second part of the story starts when the facility is shut down. \nLights are switched off, the voice is not there to help you, you only have 6 bullets and you haven't seen an enemy yet (Because the voice restarts the game, as mentioned above). The player of the game begins to feel scared, as he moves with the flashlight, and eventually coming across a room filled with enemies (as the voice told him) that he was in before.\n\nThat's when the twist happens: There are no enemies, and you don't need the revolver at all. At midnight, the player can move freely. In the first night, as he begins to visit rooms the voice wouldn't have let access him, he finds handwritten notes that state that the voice is evil and is trying to play a game with him.\n\nAfter the first night and the restart of the facility, the friendly voice talks to you and wants to proceed. The player now has to play along, now aware of the evilness of the voice, searching for an escape.\n\nThe shutdowns happen every night, lasting one hour. The player is free to move around everywhere he likes, but if the hour ends and the voice finds him in a restricted area or with a handwritten note, she/it will get suspicious until she/it eventually ""disposes"" you. The problem is that you will still die if you follow the voice's orders, so escaping at the last moment is a key element in the game.\n\nI hope you like my idea, although it's more of an twist than a game. Nevertheless, make sure to write your comments and thoughts below!"
5a7m1b,A 2D side scroller tf22 style game,
5a730u,Game ideas,so i am a  2d game developper and i ran out of ideas for a game so i came to reddit for ideas. if anyone has ideas for a 2d game pls tell me. if you want you can get credit in the game.
5a4rcc,A tiered MMO,"As a starter, this game will never be made. Unless a AAA company picks up the idea, nobody has the money to pull this off. Now on to the show. So image, you're just playing your MMO and doing general questing and stuff. Say you don't want to adventure anymore for some reason. Why not take your gold that you've been saving and open a store? There you can sell the stuff you've gotten from adventuring, setting your own price and stuff like that. Now say you want to start a store without stopping adventuring. Then set up a business! Hire someone else to be put into the managing spot to control the prices. So what if you aren't bringing in enough materials yourself? Well, there are a bunch of methods. Set up a trade route, establish a site and hire workers to gather certain items for you. Now, there are other jobs for people who don't like adventuring such as architecture, carpentry and etc. That's pretty good right? Well, let's throw in a governor. This will be a whole new gametype to this whole thing(Something similar to Tropico). From any position, you can be voted to the role of governor. As governor, you can control the taxes set on your people and such things as that. As the governor, you control the ebb and flow of the town. You control who can work and where they can work, where new buildings can be put and where the infrastructure of the town will be placed. Any decision can be voted on by the citizens as to whether it will be passed or not. There would probably be a class system and all, basically ranking the people's roles in the network with how much they are actually affected by the decisions, but this is all confusing already. NOW, past the governor is the mayor. The Leader introduces yet another gametype(This one being more like Civilization). This one is like an RTS. The leader has a view of all of their controlled cities. From here, the leader can control relations with other player controlled civilizations such as trade, truce and tyranny(Gotta make it alliterate). Of course, if you make some bad decisions your people can overthrow you.\nSo that is that! Basically, the one thing I would absolutely love to see in this game is the social experiment this can be. I would love to see how much of this game would reflect real life, such as revolutions and things like the black market, even scandals. Now how would you make money? The normal micromanagement stuff. Hell, you could even buy votes with real money, adding yet another layer to the social experiment. But as I said, this would be a big undertaking, basically a giant spore MMORPG.\nP.S. Sorry for the jumbledness of this whole post."
5a4oyr,He who controls the spice controls the universe,"I'm a Dune fan. I've wanted a Dune game for a while now, one of a recent era. \n\nI recently played Pulsar, and I have also played Quintet and Artimes; I feel like this might be a good platform for a Dune inspired game. When I say ""inspired"" I mean I know the rights Frank Herbert holds are expensive and I could not possibly get them, not for a reasonable indie price anyways. However we could learn from the idea of a more political/trade/economics/espionage universe(Where NMS falls flat) and then give it great interplanetary travel and possibly encounters of a violent sort, pored with great graphics and a diverse ship customization(Where some fall flat but Pulsar and Eve do well) \n\nI may sound silly and maybe a game like this exists, but I think it would thrive. Give the ship some Enders Game like controls and maybe even a small fleet of drones to fight with. The sci-fi elements are floating around, and the politics and history of Dune are both intricate and gripping. \n\nThoughts? \n\nCritiques? \n\n""Highly organized research is guaranteed to produce nothing new""\n-Frank Herbert, Dune\n\n"
5a4ni3,Huge RTS Lasting Several Days,"Anyways,\n\n-Gameplay: \nMap mechanics similar to most turn based RTS games. Matches containing huge amounts of players (Think of those big battles that happen on eve online), matches lasting weeks (think of the mobile game subterfuge), and territorial control of factions (think eve online, again)\n\nEach new game has a procedurally generated map which contains hexes. There are different hexes, some which grant positive, negative, and neutral effects.\n\nEach player can make a move anytime, but doing so requires time. Based on the action, it could take several minutes to a few hours. Each game would last about a week due to the sheer size.\n\nYour goal is to destroy everybody else, along with your faction.\n\nEach player can either join, or create a faction. If you create one, you can choose to surrender it to another faction, combining the two to make 1. If you join a faction, you must stay loyal to it. (Can't leave unless you are a spy, or if you've only joined for &gt;12h). Each faction has different ranks, ranging from Emperor, to Recruit. There are also special roles - like spy - which grant special abilities.\n\nThe combat will be NPCs only. However, a player could always fight alongside his NPC comrades. The players avatar is stronger than the traditional NPC. (The player doesn't actually control his avatar during the fight, but it does help to have him there) if the players avatar dies during a fight, then he's eliminated.\n\nOnce eliminated, you're still in the match, but can't speak to anyone except other eliminated. However, you may speak to the alive players only when you're summoned (you get summoned if the player does a religious ceremony).\n\nPlayers can have many games being played at once\n\n-Visuals:\nThe setting is earth, with a procedurally generated map each game (each map includes different biomes)\n\nIt's small 3D models viewed from a top down perspective.\n\nFog of war enabled allowing you to only see a few hexes away from your own (unless you have a sonar station). you can see what your other faction members sees.\n\n-Hexes:\nYou can capture a hex once certain conditions are met:\nNo hostiles in the hex\nHave your own troops in the hex\nMust be touching another friendly hex (doesn't have to be yours, could be a faction members)\n\nEach hex generates a different amount of resources.\n\nDepending on the hex, it could generate a lot of one resource, but none Of another.\n\nYou could build bases on the hexes. 1 base per hex. Could be used for defence, offence (making troops), resources, or civilization (generate population).\n\nWhen an enemy captures a hex, the current base becomes theirs (unless it's too damaged)\n\n-Factions:\nCreated every match by the players\n\nIf you create one, you could surrender it to another, making one combined faction.\n\nFactions must be very cooperative, and communicative.\n\nFactions can create alliances with other factions. This doesn't mean the friendly faction is to be trusted as it could turn its back on you anytime.\n\n---------------\n\nWhat do you think? If anyone has even the slightest interest in creating this, let me know, so. I can continue :)\n\nAlso, please provide feedback as it's appreciated "
5a12b5,The ultimate game.......,"I don´t know why this isn´t a thing already though it might be becuse money issues. You know the ultimate Civilization game franchise mixed with the army leading of total war and mount and blade. The graphics of The Witcher, The tech tree of Civilization, The army management of Total War and the ultimate Mount And Blade for sieges and army customazation........."
5a0swj,i want playable monsters in mmorpgs,"Like slimes, giant insects, boars, birds,dragons, golems etc... with a large and detailled gameplay, fuck the humans, demi-humans or demons/angels always the same that's borring."
59z1yj,Need scenario for a Cookie Clicker clone!,"So very original, I know. But I want to work on something simple over the weekend. I was thinking something of a Gamedev clicker, where you click on a keyboard to ""write code"" and gain points, in which you can buy upgrades/""more coding knowledge"", hire other coders to click for you, and so forth. But I want to know if anybody has got any scenarios in mind, before I start?"
59xtew,The tutorial voice turns out to be a psychotic hallucination and it wants you to kill...,[deleted]
59vyl2,A raid encounter based 10 player coop; ranked,"What kind of traction do you think a game would get that took all of the good things about raiding in an MMORPG and removed the grindy boring aspects(gearing/leveling)?\n\nI wouldn't consider this an MMORPG because it would be more about grabbing some comrades (or potentially raiders from an mmorpg) and attacking these challenges.\n\nAs a developer you could focus more on creating exciting experiences and creative encounters. Balance the characters without worrying about gear influence.  Rank teams based on mechanic execution, death count, attempts, time to kill, etc.\n\nMaybe a mild gear-set like a League-esque (please don't crucify me for mentioning it) shop before each encounter to enable play style customization.\n\nYou could reach more people that want to raid but can't due to lack of time to farm, or just plain don't like the idea of leveling and farming gear.\n\nAn argument I expect to get is that the reason people DO those raids is FOR the gear, or that they like leveling up in MMORPGs. Again, this would not be an MMORPG, just heavily influenced by MMORPG raid encounter mechanics.\n\nWould something like these need an in-depth story or just a simple class/boss backstory?\n\nCould it rely on the competitive aspect of leaderboards?"
59taz4,Battle of 3 Giants : A Modern Day Strategy Game,"The Story : As the Year 2016, 3 superpowers have battled for world domination. As time move who will win the race for world domination.\n\nThe Gameplay : You play as either USA, Russia or China. You must take advantage of minor nation by befriending or conquering them. You also need to control your economy so you nation doesn't go bankrupt. You are declared as the winner if there is no other superpower than you.\nI wanted to know your opinion to my idea.I hope you like it."
59pv24,tic tac toe meets sinking battleships. Smartphone game.,"Draw a square with an x in the middle stretching from corner to corner. \n\nLeft, bottom and right triangles are attack directions. The top triangle is the battlefield. \n\nThe two players take turns attacking and defending each other.\nThe attacker chooses an attack and a direction. \nThe defender chooses between maybe counter attack or defense and chooses a direction to defend. \nIf the defender covers the middle, he'll be exposed to the sides and so on. \n\nyou will be able to choose from different kinds of heroes which you'll be able to level up, find weapons and armor for etc. \n\nYou could have bots and semi-storymodes where you can team up with two other players for certain victory(attack from all sides).. or you could go it alone for farming xp and gear.\n\nAs a defender you could attain a level which enables you to have minions defend your sides.. But minions are weak though. A high level player could rip those to shreds. "
59npxa,Stuffed Animal Manufact,[deleted]
59n8uz,Multiplayer fps gamemode idea,"So my idea is as follows: There are two teams.  The objective of one team is to assassinate the leader of the other team.  The objective of the other team is to defend their leader.  When the leader is killed, a new round begins with the teams switched.  The player who killed the leader would become the new leader.\n\nThe defending team would have superior weaponry, and would be in a more defended location, however each team member would only have one life.  The attacking team would have unlimited respawns (with a time delay).\n\nThis mode could work for a variety of settings (eg. modern, fantasy) and could be either in 3d or 2d (ideally 3d)."
59muyw,A game about surfing (not that kind) and BHopping.,"In case for some reason you don't know, surfing is where you ""surf"" on the edge of ramps in Source engine games, [here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcGngVtoSGI) a video showing the insane shit you can do with this source engine exploit.\n\nBhopping is where you repeatedly jump as soon as you hit the ground to gain momentum. It is mainly done in Quake and Source engine games. The engine has enforced some recent limitations though, so people had to think of ways to get around it. [Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zy6twBwegE0) a video on some insane shit you can do with it.\n\nTo surf, you hit the a or d keys against the opposite ramp, so if the ramp is to your left you hit the a key and the a key only, and if you want to go a certain way, you strafe jump, which is very hard to explain to anybody who isn't familiar with the term.\n\nBhopping (bunnyhopping for short) is basically the same except it is repeated hopping but using the strafe keys.\n\nAnyway, the game would definitely have to be either custom or source engine, since those would allow surfing/bhopping. Other than that, there should be custom game maps as well as servers, and definitely a few tutorials on how to BHop and Surf.\n\nBesides the things that should definitely be in the game, it'd be up to the dev(s) to customize it to how the players would like.\n\nEDIT: Actually found a bunny hopping game called ""Bunny Hop League"" on steam. I'm gonna try it out to see how good it is in the future."
59mfav,Simple Werewolf PvP Idea,"I'm new to this SubReddit so go easy in me if I break some unspoken rule. Werewolf games are an unexplored genre in terms of good ones (I'm looking at you The Order:1886), and they never are the sole focus. I haven't come up with a title really. The art style would be realistic and gritty (not next gen amazing graphics) and solely PvP, so no story or anything. The setting is you or your team of 4 are just werewolves and you fight other werewolves. That's it. You can implement as basic class system with 3 different and balanced werewolf physiques:\n\nAlpha (big tank class, high attack and health, low speed).\n\nBeta (all around class, balanced health, speed, and attack).\n\nOmega (smallest, Low health, high speed and attack)\n\nModes would be Free for All and TDM. Kill points and assist points are granted to reach score or kill count. A couple maps (Forest, Mountains/Hills, Tundra). Basic enemy radar and health regeneration. Different buttons do different attacks (Bite, throw, claw, pounce etc.) Purely melee combat. It would be 3rd person view in open world (map). No pick ups.\n\nThen you could add simple customizations like pelt color and eye color (eyeshine). It's only cosmetic so there would be no effect on gameplay. That's about it. Tell me what you think. Feedback is appreciated.\n"
59m1m8,Multiplayer PVP Gladiator.,"I got an idea after playing some online chess (I suck though) and Dark Souls.\n\nSimply put, it's a game with Dark Soul-ish battle system with main focus of PVP on a coliseum/arena. There are leagues &amp; rank system to prevent weak players to meet with stronger players.\n\nSo it goes like this: you can be a host or a challenger. \n\nA host is the one that make the challenge, host can decide the battle mode, prize, and entry fee.\n\nA challenger can enter one of the game made by hosts. Of course he (the challenger) can only see games on his own league.\n\nTo enter, a challenger have to pay the fee determined by Host. For example a host made a 'Duel' with 'Money' prize, and the entry fee is 1000 money. The challenger has to pay that 1000 money to enter the duel. The winner got 2000 money. \n\nGame modes that I can think of now are:\n\n1. Duel = classic 1v1 battle.\n2. Limited Duel = 1v1 battle with time limit.\n3. Party = either 2v2, 3v3, 4v4, etc. but a challenger may enter alone if he/she can pay the entry fee.\n4. Limited Party = party with time limit.\n5. First Blood = 1v1 where the first one that receive damage loses instantly.\n6. Blood Rumble = kinda like royal rumble in WWE games, you can enter as long as the 'registration' is open (which is only a few minutes). When you're dead, you have a time penalty before you can enter again. Everytime someone enters, they must pay the entry fee. Last man standing get all the money. Only 10 players in the arena at one time. It's free-for-all.\n\nMaybe there are also PvE dungeons to strengthen your character... \n\nCan't think of other things now, but I kinda developed this idea while daydreaming...\n\nQuestions, suggestions, and criticism are welcome.\n\nThank You."
59lftc,Totally Accurate Battle Simulater + Army Men,
59kaq0,TDM FPS where you need to teabag your opponents or they'll revive,"It's not even a game, just a game mode, but I thought it would be fun to have teabagging as an official mechanic."
59ilcj,[Meta] Local Multiplayer Game to play with friends,Hello guys! I'm a 3D Character Artist and Game Developer and I want to make a fun game in my spare time that would be fun to play with your friends.\n\nI'd like it to be a local multiplayer game with controllers.\nI recently saw [Lance a lot](http://store.steampowered.com/app/495900/) and I also enjoyed Gangbeasts in the past so I'd want to start a small hobby game to improve my skills. Do you guys have any ideas? Something you'd like to play with your buddies thinking it'd be fun?\n\nOnly artistic prerequisite would be that it needs to have characters (unlike Gangbeasts that are just some simple figures)\n\nCheers!
59gf97,Lord of nukes,"So you're in your castle floating in the sky with all the luxury of the century. The peasants below is getting angry and trying to attack your castle.\n\nThe game's camera is from above, looking down on the pathetic creatures trying to use weapons to throw into your face (ie: the screen). You could retaliate by tapping them, and a gun somewhere attached to the base of your castle will shot them down, eventually.\n\nThe more you shoot them, the more then reproduce and take arms against you. Then the option to nuke them become available. One nuke will wipe most of them out, but the rest will mutated and become stronger and throw bigger rocks at your face (take that, you nuker!)\n\nContinue to nuke them until they're too strong to die. And game over. The resolution to the game is keep tapping them, fight against the urge to use nukes. Because, the nuke is sure fast, but also sure lose.\n\n**Edit**: to reduce the repetitiveness\nHow about making missions? In one, you will simply wipe them out. In one, you will specificly kill only a few types of them, leave the rest to flourish, call it, 'natural assisted selection'. In one, prevent them from mutated to a certain form."
59essw,The Art of War,"Much like the name says there is an art behind the perfection of war. Ignore the fact that it is a Chinese master guide to military strategy. Throughout time we have mastered different ways to kill each other but it all started somewhere. Sticks and stones will break your bones and eventually they were added together to kill you. Start out in a geographical region on our planet depending on where you selected and how you play is what type of warrior you are. Everywhere on our planet there were different types of soliders, archers, spearmen, etc. but who are you? I'm not a master on history but i did spend a good time during school playing skyrim, wow, assassians creed, empire earth the list is everywhere which i'm sure yours is to. I dont know why but creating your own toon and having total control over it makes me feel super involved in the game even if it is as much as picking a helm to make sure my beard is still very visible. Did you choose Viking? starting out at level one and with just basic sticks youll slowly work your way across the region to discover maybe the bow and arrow, or maybe you got lucky and stumbled across a trader or a fallen solider with a bronze weapon. With every discovery comes a new strength but as we know each weapon is slowly surpassed allowing you to level up and continue your pursuit the list of weapons is endless and its your choice alone that molds your toon. Of course armor would have to be involved as well because its is just as important and was just as much traded along with weapons. I know some ppl will read this and be like wtf? You'll have your opinions but everything can be approached with an open mind :) A VR DBZ mmorpg would be sick to anything that allows me to fight along side Goku and watch Krillen fail."
59daan,I am working and,[deleted]
59cff2,A game based in the vietnam war,"Have a third person shooter based on what happened in the Vietnam war.\n\nHave it be an emotional story about the troubles and what the men had to go through. Have it be free roam were u can go to whore houses as side missions and do missions at base. Have a neat level up system were weapons are upgraded with each level. Have different classes, commander, sniper and medic. \nIt would be a good emotional story with a emotional story."
59c6tg,FitBit 2D RPG,"Hey guys,\n\nI've had an idea for quite a while (I actually developed a working prototype of it with just text called ""ApocalypFit"" earlier this year) that I think someone should definitely make. There used to be an app called ""FitRPG"" for the Android and iPhone that used the player's FitBit statistics to complete quests, level up, etc. I think it'd be great to do something similar, but with full 2D graphics and random quests. Oryx's ""low fi fantasy set"" looks like it would be perfect:\n\nhttp://oryxdesignlab.com/product-sprites/lofi-fantasy-sprite-set\n\nThe world map tiles could allow the player to travel from location to location, using their actual FitBit steps (and if it's a tower or something, their floors) to move around. When they enter a location, it's basically a simple 2D rpg gameplay (no steps or floors used). There could also be shops along the way for them to buy armor, weapons, potions (potions could be ""speed"" for free steps, ""wings"" for free floors, etc), and other inventory by using their FitBit statistics. I would play this game! I've done a lot of work to integrate with the FitBit API using NodeJS and it's not very difficult, so this could definitely be created.\n\nThanks for listening! Any questions, please ask!"
59b930,A game like Advent Rising and Jedi Academy,"A game with powers similar to Advent Rising and melee combat like Jedi Academy could be very good thing. A game for PC of action and horror in third-person with puzzles.\n\nHumanity has spread throughout the galaxy, but after successive wars, hatred has materialized in the form of demons, evil beings with psychics powers superior to any technology. As a last hope, the Mind of the universe infuses psychic gifts in individuals worthy as the protectors of the universe: the precursors of the angels.\n\nWe would handle one of those angels in progress with psychic powers, while enemies would be conscious beings corrupted by demons, robots, armored vehicles and demons.\n\nThe psychic powers are as follows:\n\nPassive powers:\n\nSelf healing, super speed, super reflexes, super intelligence, super resistance, super strength, radar, perceive aura, aura shield, astral projection is triggered when the protagonist is severely wounded to have a chance to revive.\n\nActive powers:\n\nPerceive through walls, usually undetectable enemies and hidden messages.\n\nAstral projection at will.\n\nPsychokinetic powers as push, pull, grab, smash and flying.\n\nPowers to manipulate energy as shoot bursts of projectiles at temperatures near absolute zero, shoot laser beam, shoot plasma beam at elevated temperatures, materialize hard light blade and shield.\n\nPowers to manipulate space-time: dash, time warp, teleport, throw a gravitic beam, ie, a black hole shaped beam, projecting a gravitic blade, ie, a black hole shaped blade, projecting a gravitic shield as defense against gravitic beam.\n\nThe melee combat would come by the hard light blade and gravitic blade, and would be justified because the high-level enemies could avoid or reject all ranged attacks, but not all melee attacks, like the protagonist to reach a certain level.\n\nEach active power would have several levels and their own cooldown but the hard light blade and shield could permanently\nmaterialize and the flight could be permanent at the highest level. The gravitic blade would be the most powerful weapon and the character could teleport only at certain times, but could fly and survive in outer space.\n\nDemons would be the main enemies and would have powers similar to ours. More powerful but less varied. We would have to rely on the variety of our abilities.\n\nAside from combat would have puzzles, that would be resolvable using powers like perceive hidden messages, psychokinesis and astral projection, similar to Jedi Outcast."
599zsi,"Tower Defense with enemies that ""mutate"" and ""evolve"" based on which of them is most effective","Hello Reddit. I just picked up Game Maker and have been learning the basics, with the hope of building some hobby projects that I can be proud of (I've got a day job that I love so being a game developer is only ever going to be a hobby). I've been going through my backlog of ideas for games and this is the one that I keep coming back to as something I might be able to build one day.\n\nThe idea is a tower defense game, but the enemies have procedurally generated stats that change as the game goes on. The game would start as a typical TD: there's a start point for enemies, they walk along a set path, the player buys towers that defend from these enemies, etc. However, instrad of having a bunch of different enemy types, the enemies ""mutate"" each wave, changing their stats and attributes (health, speed, damage resistance, flight, stealth, splitting into two smaller enemies on death, etc.). The stat changes are semi-random, but are weighted towards being more like the enemies that survive the longest, so that the attributes of the most effective enemies are more likely to crop up in future waves. This creates a feedback loop that makes enemies more and more effective against the player's defense every wave. The player then has to change or modify towers and tower setup to deal with an evolving threat.\n\nThe idea is to break the player of the habit of finding a single strategy or tactic that works and forcing them to consider the entire arsenal available. Building nothing but flamethrower towers that deal short-range AoE fire damage, for example, would eventually lead to flame-resistant enemies with high hit-points. Building nothing but sniper towers might lead to Zerg rush-style fast and numerous enemies to counter the slow, single-target stopping power. The game becomes about finding an effective defense against the existing threat while trying to figure out what the next mutation will likely be.\n\nAs with true evolution, the enemies should have to make trade-offs as they evolve so that they always have weaknesses to exploit. Higher armor at a cost of speed, or higher hit points but fewer enemies in a wave. The player's weaknesses are whatever gaps exist in their defense. The overall power curve could go up with number of enemies and number of towers, as is typical with TD games.\n\nWhat do you think, is this feasible? If so, would it be fun?"
5987e9,VR horror multiplayer,"One person is a ghost, she he can levitate and move objects none of the other players can see the ghost. A team of 6 players (one being the ghost) The goal of the game is to see who can live the longest with the ghost trying to kill them. For every person the ghost kills the ghost gets a new ability to make killing easier. you get extra points for setting up the other players like a build up before they die, tilt a picture slam a door or for making them scream with a decibel reader. The players get points for not screaming freaking out or for making someone else die in their place. when living players die, Only the ghost can hear them and they gain limited ghost powers and could help the ghost by talking to it suggesting ideas, giving feedback or adding extra random creepy stuff to the environment that cant directly affect the living players. they could choose to help the players, bugs forming words or something written in steam in the bathroom mirror but the living player wouldn't know if its from their friend or the ghost, but that's the chance they take. The last person alive wins and gets to be the ghost or choose who is the ghost next. \n\n(to kill people the ghost would remove a railing on the stairs, have something fall on someone, push someone, take over someone elses body for 20 secs, turning on taps for flooding . lure them into false safety, convince them someone else is a killer..ect ect)\n\n(Players can live longer by healing themselves and other players, turning on lights, lighting candles, watching for traps, putting out fires, turning off taps, looking for clues. escaping the area, finding keys, door handles, or other means for accessing different areas of the area. )\n\nThis could be played in a house, castle, warehouse where ever...."
4vncxt,Game,"I think that an open map escape Alcatraz game would be good. You could get certain tasks and craft things such as shanks, shives, rope, and other things that would benefit to your escape. It would be third person and be kind of like the escapists. It would be a console game."
4vmhqd,Game idea,A game of Avater the last airbender was created but needs to come back on new systems this series was amazing of a show and game why not make it better on New systems
4vmeby,[Requests] Need a simple mobile game idea,"I'm a new dev getting started with Unity, and want to target android games. I'd love to hear a cool, simple game that I could make for practice and maybe release on the play store"
4vm47q,Hit me with your ideas. I'll see if I can't make a proof of concept for you.,"I'm a dev(ish). I'd love to try and make some of your smaller scale, single player ideas! I'll post some form of download link as a comment of every one I make. I'm still learning alot but I'm not very creative so I just kinda recycle ideas and don't learn anything. So hit me with this learning experience! And hey, you may just get something in return! {All be it with minimal graphical fidelity.}"
4vl1y4,Jurassic Park: Evolved,"INTRO\n\nJust watched Jurassic world and I've been playing a bit of evolve and it hit me. Its not the most original game ever, and the closest thing I've found to it is well, evolve, which definately needs improvement, and is very different. And there's primal carnage which after playing, isn't that good, and again is different.\n\nCONCEPT\n\nSo anyways, the main idea of this game is a mash up of the Jurassic park movies/book and evolve. \nIt's a class-based multiplayer, first person/third person shooter where you can play as either dinosaurs (both real dinos or genetically designed ones like in Jurassic World) or you can play as humans.\n\n\nMODES\n\nThere would only be about 5 modes, that way the modes are well done. \nHere are some very basic ideas for modes\n\nBig Dino vs 5 humans (main mode)\n\n6 Small dinos vs 6 small dinos\n\n6 small dinos vs 6 humans\n\nBig Dino vs 5 small dinos \n\nBig Dino vs Big Dino (Godzilla style)\n\n\nThe classes for the humans can be taken from those security guys in Jurassic World or even classes in Evolve (assault, trapper, support, healer)\n\n\nThe classes for big dinosaurs could be t-rex, modified stegosaurus, indominous rex, Carnotaurus, modified triceratops, and brontosaurus.\n\n\nClasses for small dinos could be raptors, pterodactyls, small triceratops, and small ankylosauruses.\n\n\nMAPS\n\ncould be anything from locations in the movies, to basic ideas like beaches, forests etc. \nThey wouldn't be as big as they are in evolve, because an annoying part in that game was you would be forced to spend so much time just trying to find the monster. Making matches incredibly boring.\n\n\nOTHER NOTES\n\nthe license would not be 100% necessary since Jurassic park didn't make up dinosaurs, though the idea of genetically modified dinosaurs and the theme music would be great additions. Also it would be a cool idea to release it alongside the next Jurassic world movie (if there is one)\n\nI'm not sure of the price for this game. It would likely be multiplayer only so it shouldn't be full priced, $40 MAX. It could also be free with cosmetics as DLC. Who knows?\n\n\nEDIT: \n\nNot sure if it should be experienced or AAA"
4vkj16,High Seas Online AKA: my dream game that will never happen.,"Disclaimer.  This is just my dream game.  To all the people who say this is too ambitious or too difficult a project - I know.\n\nThe game would be called High Seas Online (or something rather) and would be set in a high fantasy world of islands and dangerous oceans with one overarching goal: Unlock the Vault of the World.    \n\nThis 3-D, third-person MMO would begin at character creation where a player can create and customize their avatar.  No combat classes, no levels.  It's somewhat of a survival game, and though eating food and drinking purified water has major health benefits, it isn't a matter of life or death.  Ain't no one got time for that. \n\nThe player would spawn before the Vault of the World, a towering vault that rests within a cave on a small island.  Scripture on the vault's face reads:  ""Only the strongest may lay claim to the untold powers that dwell within.  Return to this place with the hundred gems that fill the sockets of this door to enter.""\n\nAnd that's it.  The player is now free to use the scant gold in their inventory, and their rowboat to sail to the nearby town and begin their adventure.  What lies within the Vault of the World?  Nobody knows - only one person will discover the truth first-hand.  Until then, the game will be chock-full of misdirection, myths, legends, and, of course, the community will dispense theories of its own.\n\nSo what is this game?  It's a 3rd person action MMO with a core design philosophy in realistic game mechanics, exploration, and PvP. \n\nFeatures to help define realistic mechanics in this fantasy world include:\n\n - PERMADEATH.  When your character dies, you will have to create a new one.  You can, however, leave a will (either for another player or your next character) for item storage belongings and housing, so not all is lost.  But skill proficiency will not carry over.\n\n- NO LEVELS OR CLASSES.  Skills such as fishing, cooking, sailing, swordplay, sorcery, navigation, hunting, weapon and armor crafting, and much more are learned through skill training quests, practice, and repetition.  This will be the only grindy part of the game, and its purpose is to simulate the experience of actually learning these skills as you would in reality.  The time investment also applies worth to characters, forcing players to question their decisions, and know that even the smallest risks can be devastating.  The classic ""go out and kill a pack of wolves"" quest has never been so nerve-wracking.  \n\n- 100% SKILL-BASED PVP.  PvP in High Seas Online would be open world, as the true adventurers will be competing with others for the 100 gem fragments to the Vault of the World (more on that later).  While wearing a full suit of plate mail has its advantages against a steel short sword, it won't serve you too well if your character has low stamina from lack of combat practice.  Also, you won't be able to swim well, so maybe you ought to pack the leather set just in case.  \n\nPvP will be sort of a rock-paper-scissors deal, though not so black and white.  Heavy armor is great for defense, but it's slow and will cause your movements to be more predictable.  Light armor, like leather, allows more freedom of movement and is less taxing on you in battle, but obviously, it's less effective.  Particularly against heavy weapons.  A skilled player who's mastered the mechanics of the game can overcome their equipment's shortcomings with practice.  Think Chivalry combined with War of the Roses when you think of combat in this game.  Weapon and armor types will be shallow and simple - it's important to know that GEAR ISN'T WHAT MATTERS THE MOST in battle.  Not by a long shot.  \n\n- NO CHAT HUB, GUILD/PARTY INTERFACE, OR CHANNELS.  The only exceptions will be whispering people on your friend's list, and both people must add each other.  These chat restrictions are set in place so that people will congregate in one place to trade, form groups with one another via local chat/voice communication, and bring players together in a social environment that's just absent in MMO's these days.  Imagine wandering into a tavern and discovering a taproom full of players looking for crewmates for their new ships, traders looking to sell their wares, and people enjoying cheap food and drink together and chatting.  The result will be living, breathing towns full of players who are just getting by, something that I think is really undervalued in today's MMO.\n\n- EQUIPMENT DEGRADATION.  Everything you own will get old.  Your boats, your armor, your weapons, your fishing poles, your lockpick kit...and you'll need either the skills to repair them yourself, or the help of other players to make sure you're ready for the world out there.  This is set in place to set a pace for progression in the game, and encourage community interaction.  Of course, you can be a jack of all trades...but prepare for a very long and very lonely grind to reach that point.  \n\nNow, the 100 gems mechanic and how they'll work.  These gems are special items.  At first, they'll be scattered all across the world: shipwrecks at the bottom of the ocean, inside a small, seemingly insignificant cave on a mountainous island, and so on.  As players discover and collect these gems, they'll need to be careful.  When a player logs out of the game, the gem is dropped on the ground, free for anyone to pick up.  \n\nSo how can players secure their loot?  The keystone gems, along with other items of massive value, will need to be either hidden in places no one will look, or tucked away in houses, in storage chests crafted by a carpenter or purchased from a merchant.  These can be broken or picked by strong enough men or skilled enough thieves, but it's better than being on the ground in the open.  Houses and eventually bases can be constructed by gathering enough raw materials on unclaimed land (land not in the space of NPC cities and towns).  The best gem hunters will have: fortresses dedicated to defending keystone gems, and the manpower to raid player fortresses to steal them.\n\nAnywho, that's my dream game.  A mess of a design that I'm sure is filled with holes - I'm no game designer.  I don't think we'd ever see anything like this.  It'd be tough to design and balance, I'm sure.  But hey, a man can dream.           "
4vkbxr,I need an idea for a 2D arena game,"Hey,\n\nI'm making a game with Construct 2, it's very simple : you're in a closed area (screen sized), and there are wave of enemies, becoming more and more difficult. You've got a sword, a bow, and you can pick up magic artifacts for casting spells. Of course with the gold picked during your battles you can buy better equipements, spells and whatever.\nA similar game is SpellSword on iOS.\nBut the problem is the mechanics are TOO simple. I'm looking for a little improvement than can make it more enjoyable. It doesn't have to be very complexe since it's planned to be released on mobiles.\n\nAnyone can help?"
4visvu,Crazy Taxi -style game set in the city of Futurama,"*[foreword: I am aware of [Collateral](http://store.steampowered.com/app/297390/) but while it is okay, it missed the mark for my tastes]*\n\n---\n\nRemember **[Crazy Taxi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjIGkv0_dEM)**?  Drive around a city, pick up randomly-generated fares, take silly/interesting characters to their randomly-generated destination, the further the fare the more time added to your total?  It was fun!\n\nNow imagine if this were set in the ***[Futurama](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2005603/)*** universe.  There's such a rich range of people to pick up and locations to visit.  The city is tall and interesting, the whole thing is familiar, the color scheme is inviting.  The gameplay is tried-and-true.  It's a win-win-win-win-win-win situation!\n\n---\n\n**[edit]:** + flying cars and stuff!\n"
4vhngz,Rougelike Point and click Dungeon,"So, here it goes: the dungeons are randomly generated, with certain obstacles with solutions provided in other rooms of the dungeon. But there should be action too, and i think RPG themed stats."
4vh2uj,Actual Deadlock game,I was thinking of an idea for an actual Deadlock game (as in the show from Game Theory) where you can fight opponents by debating. Possibly Phoenix Wright style gameplay?\n\nProbably won't happen though.
4vf26h,A strategy game where you try to take over the United States,So this game is set up in a scenario (that would never actually happen but I think would be really fun to play) where all of the 50 states are released from the United States and are now their own nations. You have to pick which state you play as (each has different abilities and enhancements) and you have to try to diplomatically make friends and enemies with other states and try to take over as much land as possible and protect yourself from other states. 
4vesfn,Idea: First Person Physics Arena Combat.,"I had an idea for a first person ""shooter"" without the standard weapons such as guns, rockets, lasers whatever. The weapons would be non-lethal physics manipulation weapons.  \n\nThe method you would kill your opponents in game would be through using weapons that push/pull/push horizontally/etc objects and opponents around and getting them thrown into giant deadly traps in the map.  \n\nThe ""weapons"" by themselves could not directly kill someone by themselves. i.e you can push someone around all you want but they won't die. \n\nOnly when shoved into one of the over-the-top death traps will any of the weapons ""kill"". \n\nThe guns can only do one of each direction or method of ""push"" or ""pull"". \n\nOne gun could only push with little ""kicks"" (think the Gravity gun from HL2).   Giving the target a good kick several meters. \n\nAnother would only pull to the wielder.  One method I imagined the puller gun could be used to kill is the User would stand infront of a Death Trap, pull a target, and jump out of the way as the target flys toward them and past them into the death trap.  A high risk and reward weapon. \n\nAnother could grab a target and push them left or right horizontally, and so on. \n\nThe death traps would be over the top, and as goofy as they are gory (or not, but its obviously not to be serious at all).  From giant (running) jet engines, to grinders and anything in between.    A work around to prevent someone camping a single death trap to constantly get kills with and to encourage people to move around and use all the traps in a level, would be after a kill the trap would shut down and close.   \nFor example: a large grinder in the floor would have a door seal it shut after someone falls in.  A set of lights that switch from green to red and back would note when a trap is active. \n\nThe trap would of course reset and open again after a period of time \n\nThe levels/arenas themselves should be fairly open with few truly enclosed spaces (like nothing like say inside a bunker ala other FPS's).   The biggest obstacles would be the non-lethal sides of some traps.  The aforementioned Jet Engine can only kill through the front intake, not the sides of the engine nacelle, the back end would shove players away from it (it is a jet engine after all).\n\nIts an idea.  Not completely fleshed out, but I wanted to share it before I forgot it.\n"
4vej3c,A GPS based mobile game with randomized but persistent dungeons and loot for each square kilometer,"I had this idea last year and the recent boom in pokemon GO popularity brought it back to my mind.\n\nTL;DR: A mobile game (phone or 3DS/whatever) in which each square kilometer has a randomized dungeon associated with it, and at the bottom of that dungeon is a randomized piece of equipment that is exclusive to that dungeon. On-the-go travelling would also involve resource gathering.\n\n\nOkay, thats a long TL;DR, but here me out. The game would work off of a GPS system in the same way the Pokemon Go does. For each square kilometer, there is a randomized dungeon associated with it. By randomized, I mean that it is randomly generated, but will be the same for anybody who goes to it. At the bottom of each dungeon there will be a piece of randomly generated loot associated with it.\n\nSo, part of the fun would be finding the entrance to the dungeon in the real world, and the other half would be actually fighting through the dungeon.\n\nAlong with this, real-world locations could serve as classic RPG staples, similar to how pokestops function. A local monument might be a store where players could buy potions and other gear. Perhaps, players could sell the loot they get from dungeons to these stores, and other players could in turn buy that loot.\n\nI figure getting through a dungeon should probably be quick, mabye ten minutes or so. We dont want players having to sit out in the hot sun for hours at a time.\n\nThe look of a dungeon might also change with the biome of a location. Swampier areas might have a mossy looking dungeon, whereas heavily industrialized areas might have an ancient castle.\n\nGameplay wise, I'm not sure how combat would work. Personally, I think the simplicity of hack n' slash would lend itself well to this format. Sidescroller dungeons would probably be more viable and fun then any other style, although a top down would also work.\n\n\n\n\nother ideas:\n\n-specific dungeons that are designated as player arenas, where local players could battle each other for gold, loot, or mabye even glory\n\n-being able to designate a ""homebase"" that could function as your own personal establishment that other players can interact with, such as turning it into a storefront. As well, distance traveled from your homebase might offer special rewards\n\n\nI imagine this would be really hard to make, but its what I would personally want to create with this new genre of gaming. I love the idea of a specific town having an amazing sword and everybody wants to travel there to get the sword.\n"
4vee9k,Space Themed MMO With Persistent Destructible Game Worlds.,"Barebones idea:\n\nA space themed MMO where each server is a procedurally generated planet. A driving factor of the game is resource collection, and as resources are depleted on one game server, it is closed down and new ones are opened. The player keeps their progress between servers. This would give a sense of heightened immersion and realism in the game world as each world is actually affected by the player. The player will never be bored by the game world as there is always more to explore and each world is different. The game worlds should be playable for atleast a few months as to allow players who enjoy exploring to get a good chance to explore a single world before it is shut down and should only be closed down after its player base is long gone. This is similar to No Mans Sky but different in several key ways. There should be large player bases on single worlds so it is a multiplayer experience. And the players actions permanently affect the game world, unlike where they are deleted in no mans sky. Space travel is also not a major aspect of the game, everything is played on the planets' surface."
4vebn0,Working on this game: Need inspiration and ideas,[removed]
4vb05g,Rust with pve,"I think rust and dayz style games are cool but they often feel a bit aimless and boring. It's fun fighting against other people but the resource gathering is kinda shit. I think it would be cool if they designed it like terraria with bosses that give you really cool items and different enemy types that are more powerful than others. And put dungeons where the bosses lay and the really cool shit is, it would be like an organic type of mmo raid that's just built into the environment. And to keep exploration fresh, procedurally generated(I know how much you love those words) maps, like terraria. \n\nI think the community experience that would develop around a game like this would be great with conversations like ""don't go north a friend of mine lost half his shit fighting like 10 deathclaws"" and ""I heard there was a lightsaber in the dungeon over there"". It could get rid of some the toxicity that's usually in rust type games cause the goal would be to get cool shit from the tough enemies and in order to do that you need to party up. The pvp would still be there but you could go about it wouldn't be ""oh we're just gonna fuck those guys up cause there's nothing else to do fuck them lol"" it would be ""they got some cool ass shit from that dungeon raid and we want it"" or ""we could use them for this raid let's join forces for a sec"". It would shift the focus from solely fucking other people up to getting cool shit in whichever way is best, fucking other people up is sometimes the best way but not always. \n\nI know what you're thinking ""how could someone get all this to run smoothly? Rust, dayz, and ark all run like shit already this would only make it worse"". Well I got one word for you, Cloud. /s"
4v9e5g,An RPG focused solely around the internet.,"I've been looking for a game like this for a while but haven't been able to find one. Here's my idea for it: \n\nYou play as a person who had just gotten internet and a good enough computer to handle a lot of things. It is a medium to large sized game with many websites, many quests, etc. You can on forums and accept to do things, buy online goods, etc. \n\nMaybe you could also download programs and games, and maybe even go on the deep web. There could be a video player, web extensions, and more."
4v8utf,A Regular Survival Game With a Twist.,"Hey all! This is my first post on here, since I only found this subreddit today, and it's a simple game idea. Basically it would be a regular survival game where you have to eat food, drink water, sleep through the night, and that kind of stuff, but you have a limited time to accomplish something. This might sound a bit strange but I think it's an interesting concept. A quick example of this would be an Island survival game which has a volcano on it or something, and it will erupt in 1 In-game week, and the player has to get off the island using a boat that they have to make. That's my idea! If you use it in something, leave a link for it here :)"
4v8lqs,"A 1v1 FPS, where each opponent is a different person","Here's the gist.\n\nYou play in a (3D) maze environment against an opponent who you have to find and kill.\n\nWhen you kill your opponent, you just keep running around as if nothing changed, but in reality you just disconnected from your previous opponent and the matchmaking system seamlessly found a new one who came into your game and now you have to kill him, but the game doesn't give any indication that it is a different person, to you it seems like your previous enemy respawned. While you queue for an opponent, you just keep running around in the maze.\n\nWhen you die, you see a list of everyone who you killed and who killed you.\n\nFor added fun, have procedurally generated levels, where each player starts in their own level and when you kill someone you ""invade"" theirs. (**EDIT**: clarified in [a comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/4v8lqs/a_1v1_fps_where_each_opponent_is_a_different/d5xdjeh))\n\nObviously not an easy game, you need l33t haxx0r networking skillz and big central servers.\n"
4v8iee,FPS shooter in DARK (no lights),"The idea is the following: we have a FPS shooter game (something like CS GO) and the entire game is dark (there are no lights in the game scene). When someone shoots a bullet, for a fraction of a second, the barrel of the gun will emit light, light which can be seen by everyone. That light will actually light the room/space in which it is (for a fraction of a second), which gives time for everyone to see what is around them, thus seeing the other players. I've got this idea from Equilibrium movie (here is the scene; go to 1:10  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPuAKVnqJdk )\nAlong with this system there will be a sound system that will give you a vague idea of where the other players are (based on the sounds that you hear, how you hear them, etc).\n\nThe main con of this system is that it could damage your eyes, because the entire screen is black and then it becomes bright because someone just shot a bullet, then it goes black again and so on.\n\nWhat do you guys think?"
4v58lo,Fully Custom FPS Arena (Astrolight Deathmatch),"This game will be a Fully Custom FPS Arena game, with literal full customization of weapons, characters and lots of\nmaps, which would be supported by a designer and Steam Workshop. A belt-fed rail-gun? You bet. Bolt-action sniper shotgun? You got it. Drum mag plasma flame-thrower? Hell yeah. Make anything you want, but nothing can be too good, you must balance the traits of your gun. Like a perk chart, you have a sliders with, Damage, AP, Fire Rate, Magazine, Recoil, Spread, and more. Customize the look of your gun using a simple workshop with a bit of a Spore vehicle designer aspect, with different receivers, barrels, stocks, magazines, and scopes, or just make it from scratch! Choose an element of weapon: Fire, Electric, Corrosive, Explosive, Ricochet, Poison, Slow, Heal, Plasma, Laser, or Ballistic. You can also go crazy and start from scratch on that too, by adjusting values of that element, similar to the gun sliders. Customize your character using a very 'APB: Reloaded' type system with base clothing, but infinite patterns, decals, colors, and accessories, and change your characters look with height, build, face, hair, voice, and more. Now that I've summarized, let get to the game and it's mechanics.\n__________________________________________________________________________________________________\nARENAS: The arenas, fully supported by the in-game designer and Steam Workshop, will be fast paced, easy to maneuver, and come in many different themes. Maybe an Egyptian Cyber-punk Tomb, a Upside-Down Skyscraper, or even a Sky City or somethin' I don't really care, it's the Steam Workshop, anything goes. \n___________________________________________________________________________________\nGUNS: Guns will be made up of a lot of different modules, and even more sub-modules. Example: Barrels are a Module. The Sub-Modules of the Barrel is the rod and material, perhaps even cooling. You can make it however you want, and paint/customize it however you want.\n___________________________________________________________________________________\nMORE IDEAS SOON."
4v4pcu,A Civilization like game where you try to work together to see how long you can go without killing the world.,"It starts in the 1700s Earth and you pick a nation and go through politics on resource rights, land ownership, troops, States rights, etc. No deep story, just politics. Basically every game should end like monopoly with friend ruining, nuclear hatred... and nuclear fire.  No win conditions just different loss conditions."
4v4bnj,"You and your dog in a small town for a week long blizzard, difficulty increases each day as more snow falls and your mobility is further limited. Trade/survival based.","Heard about how easy UE4 was to use so I wasted a couple hours dead-ending on all the various impossible learning curves...I digress...\n\nIts a game set in a small town for 7 days. Day one everything is open and exploration is a breeze, all the tvs and radios are warning about a big blizzard coming soon. You can drive around town using the first day as a tutorial, or you can start stocking up on supplies. TV radio and phone are always keeping you posted on whats going on at any moment for weather,traffic, jobs, help, or deals(up to the player if they want to turn that on or listen to the warnings and advice). \n\nDay 2: the blizzard hits, suddenly your car doesnt handle as well, some stores close earlier to get employees home before being snowed in. You can continue to explore or stock up (though its more expensive on day 2) but have to clear the snow off the car and drive in increasingly more dangerous conditions.\n\nDay 3:If you're not home by midnight day 3, your car will become incredibly prone to wrecks, stalls, spins out, or it'll just get stuck forcing you to abandon it and start a long trek home. Depending on your preparation and spending; either your dog gets sick, a wolf attacks your dog, or some animals eat your dogfood reserved for the dog. Whichever event that happens, the basic goal from day 3 and forward is to balance your needs and the needs of your dog.\n\nDay 4: roads are nearly abandoned and most travel is done by foot or snowmobile. You can courier food to and from snowed-in houses, you can hunt down the wolf, you can shovel driveways for money to buy dog medicine, or you can just be a bastard and let the dog die and hunt the wolf for sport.\n\nDay 5: Whiteout conditions, houses lose power, demand goes up, it turns into a crazy taxi style game of balancing priorities versus money. Houses lose heat, suddenly you're ferrying wood back and forth between houses and forests. If your dog is alive and with you, you're also looking out for that wolf stalking you. \n\nDay 6: Soft sprinkles of snow coming down, still a tough trek around town, but depending on how you've played your last days this could be where all your calculations have paid off, or this is where everything falls apart. \n\nDay 7: Snow starts to melt as plows finally move through town and things start to return to normal, you and the wolf have more opportunities to meet in closer range, but depending on how you've played there can be multiple endings for what you choose to do with the wolf. Final earnings/inventory are stored for the next Blizzard where you'll have more options based on inventory/earnings to prepare. Dog survives, dies, is killed, is attacked, or is run over, depending on your level of bastardedness.\n\n\nWeather conditions can change from one playthrough to another, as would the likelihood of a wolf attack, or anything else based on a chosen difficulty setting.\n\nThere's also some fun minigame concepts for moonshine as a powerup, making custom winter clothing, upgrading the car, flashlight, winter gear, and about 10 other things that from a distance make me think, ""Id need to learn UE4 at work all day in able to finish this thing by 2030 and by that time UE4 will be outdated"".\n\nFuck it, someone else make it. I just dont have the free time right now. You may see this game in 20-30 years if UE4-?? starts being more like a map editor than a math class I shouldnt have tried to test into. This was going to be my secret game, but its been frustrating for so long, every game engine celebrates its simplicity but then its not fair to have a dev demonstrating at light speed something he's been doing his whole life with shittier technology."
4v3669,Turn-based strategy zombie survival game.,"XCOM introduced me to the idea of turn-based game with the aspect of resources management. While the alien invasion scenario is certainly interesting (and we have Shadowrun games with cyberpunk, urban fantasy setting), I think there is no reason not to reimagine the game as a zombie survival game.\n\nSome of my basic ideas about it: focusing on turn-based combat like XCOM, you have a base where you will plan where you go and what you do. You can carry out missions to gather resources, materials for you based. Sometime you have to defend your base, upgrade it. On your side there are survivors who have different skills, good/bad traits and behavior toward situations. There are different rolls for the survivors. Your enemy will be mainly zombies, and sometime other humans. There are different kinds of zombies, with special abilities, there will still be ""normal"" zombie but with great number, i guess. Human enemies because just like right now, there will be conflict between us all (sad but realistic).\n\nA moral system,like when you choose to abandon survivors because you don't want to run out of food, they are just not good enough. You can turn bad also and just raid other groups for resources and stuff. That would be cool.\n\nThat is just my random idea, please let me know what you think about this. \n\nEdit: add the XCOM style of combat focus to the idea.\n\n\n\n\n"
4v3059,Horror game where you must trap an invisible monster.,"The monster will not stalk the player, but will wander around the environment.\n\nEach level is a puzzle requiring the player to plan ahead and trap the monster. There are multiple solutions, and many ways to die.\n\nThe only way you can tell where the monster is, is by seeing how it interacts with the environment. It might cast a shadow, leave footprints when it walks through paint, or make quiet sounds as it moves.\n\nHowever you choose to develop this idea, please keep these three rules."
4v0dc4,[Request] A game about robots.,[deleted]
4uvfcw,Idea 3: NPC P2P Information Spread,"Most games nowadays include NPCs that know things right away, or don't ever learn them. I have been thinking about simulated reality games and how you would make information travel between NPCs. This method can also be used in regular games in a different fashion.\n\n- Information is recieved by an NPC and that NPC can spread that information to other NPCs through dialogue\n- When information reaches a news caster they can show the news during a show\n- Information that is being transferred works similarly to a Torrent. It is broken up into many different pieces.\n- When information is transfered parts of it can be wrong\n- Parts can be wrong because of miscommunication, due to the NPC stretching the truth, or the NPC lying.\n- When an NPC gets two sets of information they choose which information they believe to be true\n- Information tends to get scrambled from person to person (like the game telephone)\n- In a non-simulated game you can have the news on information used on some people, then have those people spread it to other people until every NPC has the information. Probably best to have it on a timer. \n\nexample:\n\n- 30 min: news story\n- 15 min: spread 1\n- 10 min: spread 2\n- 20 min: spread 3\n- ect...\n\nI just feel having information spread semi-organically can help make a game world more realistic."
4uv7wo,Player-Based Hosting,"What if an MMO, instead of having a central server, distributed the load amongst its players? I understand that this may cause security issues, but would it be possible to implement?"
4uuvx6,I need gameplay idea for Bow FPS game,"Hi, I am game developer and I am working on competitive multiplayer game. Main idea is that the player have bow and knife. The game will be based in forest but I really cant create good gameplay. I need your help."
4uu90q,Harry Potter game (Wizard school),You could make a game like in the movie Harry Potter.Spells to pronounce the players with the help of a microphone on pleyers computer.Game would be 3D and multiplayer.
4uu145,AI Fighting Game,"Basically a game where you train an AI to fight.\n\nYou would design the character then it would develop through it's fights and training. (Or possibly some random events out of fights?) You would have little influence, besides telling it some (very basic) strategies like going for hits on the head for more damage, or focusing on the chest for a higher chance to hit.\n\nFights would be the AI choosing moves that it knows at random, but with some influence from the strategy you picked. You could fight with randomly generated characters or player made ones. If you lose, you might have to wait a few minutes to a few hours to recover, depending on how badly you failed. The fights would be either tournaments or 1v1 battles.\n\nYou could also make groups with other people, to train with them for better results, fight them with almost no chance of injury, host your own tournaments for group members, or even have fights between entire groups.\n\nPlayer made characters could be shared via QR code or the Steam workshop (if it's on Steam), along with custom made arenas. Custom characters and arenas could be used in group tournaments or training, and the rewards for beating a player made character would be decided based on player ratings for how hard a fight was.\n\nSorry for this being so long, I've just had this idea for a long time and can't figure out how to make a good AI."
4usc9z,"A mix between Undertale style story telling, and Hotline Miami combat?","This would probably be an intermediate project, but seeing as Undertale was created by a single dude, and HLM by two dudes, I though it might be possible for this to be a beginner kind of project.\n\nSo the player would navigate two worlds, the overworld where they explore the Martian colonies, interacting with locals and shop keepers kind of like in Undertale. And then the combat world, where the camera shifts to a top down view as the player clears out key facilities of enemies.\n\nMost of the over world would have a slightly reddish tinge to it, with exceptions in major city centers or inside of shops. While the combat zones would have a stark and sterile feel to it, minus the splattering of blood on the walls and floors of course. The combat would play out like Hotline Miami, but with slightly more intelligent AI that doesn't just run straight at you. So you'd have to think just a little bit before running into combat. You won't be a bullet sponge but you won't break like a dry pasta noodle either, so you'll want to think about how you're going to clear a room before running in blindly.\n\nWhat do you guys think? Is this more of an Intermediate kind of thing or do you think a beginner might be able to pull it off?"
4usafb,Idea 2: Player Reincarnation,"This idea has different methods of implementation, but all are in essence the same idea. When the a player dies the player is moved to a different server world based on their in-game actions.\n\n-- Method 1: Good and Evil --\n\n- Players above a certain morality level are transported to one of the next higher morality servers\n- Players below a certain morality level are transported to one of the next lower morality servers\n- Players between the two morality levels stay in the server or are moved to another server at the current morality level.\n\nExample of world layout\nM2 &lt;-&gt; M1 &lt;-&gt; M0 &lt;-&gt; M-1 &lt;-&gt; M-2\n\n- Players would start in M0, then if morality is low they and they die they are moved to M-1.\n- If morality is low in M-1 and they die they are moved to M-2.\n- If morality is high in M-1 and they die they are moved to M0\n- If morality is high in M0 and they die they are moved to M1\n- If a server is too full and they die in M0 with neutral morality they are moved to another M0 server.\n\n-- Ideals System --\n\n- when players die they are moved to different worlds based on their actions in relation to multiple Ideals.\n- There are multiple measurements in association with players interactions with the world.\n- There are different factions based that each have different values. Each faction has different values and has at least one difference in value compared to others.\n- If a player reaches a certain level in each of a faction's values, when they die they are moved into the next level of that faction's servers.\n- If a player is in a faction's world and they fall below a certain level of that faction's values they are moved to the appropriate server\n\nexample:\n\nValues:\n\n- Armed - Few weapons\n- Peace - War\n- Killing - Saving Life\n\nFactions:\n\n- Peacekeepers: Armed, Peace, Saving Life\n- Berserkers: Few Weapons, War, Killing\n- Warriors: Armed, War, Killing\n- Pacifists: Few Weapons, Peace, Saving Life\n- Survivalists: Armed, Peace, Killing\n- Debators: Few Weapons, War, Saving Life\n- Protecters: Armed, War, Saving Life\n- Assassins: Few Weapons, Peace, Killing\n\n\nNote: Servers can be different, but I feel this would work most in a game where player interactions change the game world and they all start out the same."
4us81z,Idea 1: Addiction in gaming,"I feel that games have a difficult time showing the effects of addiction in the gameplay. My suggestion is to introduce repetitive music or noise when a character is going through withdrawal.\n\n- More annoying noise for more addicting substances.\n- Increase the annoyance of sound as the character becomes more addicted to the substance.\n- Relieve the noise if the user takes the substance.\n- after long period of withdrawal sound fades away.\n- when character smells or sees substance after going through withdrawal noise plays in background and increases as character is near substance without taking it.\n- Negative/Positive effects of drugs separate from addiction reaction.\n\nI feel addiction is an important thing for games to be able to represent and although this is not an accurate representation of addictive impulses, I feel it is an adequate alternative that does not cause the user any pain, force the players actions, nor change the visuals or controls in a way that would effect play in a forced manner."
4wmjns,I Need Some Game Ideas For My College Project!,"Hello!\n\nI have got a college project which is about making a small game \n\nIm using unity3D as a game engine \n\nAnd im out of ideas on what kind of game i could make , which will be unique from others work and also a little bit modern \n\nSo can anyone here suggest me some good game ideas?\n\nP.S Im not a beginner at unity :) Suggest any idea you like \nMust be simple and suitable for a college mini project"
4wku2g,BanbBang Game Making for yours ideas,
4wkgc4,"What do you think about this ""mixed"" game","So I've spent a lot of time playing Blizzard's games like Hearthstone and Overwatch then I came up with an idea. Why don't we just mix the two game together and make a game out of it, but before I make the game I want to hear out others opinion.\n\nGAMEPLAY:\nThe player has to create a deck of cards. Card types would be like: Weapon, Armor, Utilities etc.\nWhen the player has finished his deck then he can start playing against others.\nSo when a match starts the computer gives three or four card to the player and for the enemy player. Then you and your enemy can pick one armor card, one weapon card and one utility card, but you can't see what did your opponent pick.\nThen the turn starts:\nIn this stage you have to kill your opponent in fps mode and in a small arena just like in Overwatch with the equipments(weapon, armor, utility) you chose before. It would be best of 5 matches but I'm not sure about this.\n\nTLDR: You chose from random equipment cards, than in a small arena, in fps mode you have to kill your enemy with the choosen equipment.\n\nThanks for reading this post, and tell me your opinion about this idea."
4wk5s7,Online seeking game,It will have 2 team runers(there can be only 1) and seekers (there can be around 3) the idea of the game is: seeker need to touch egg (runer have it in hand) there should be a lot of characters ho have they 2 slecial abilities id like to see a bird ho can glide and fly for 8 secons its regens. Also 1 abilitie is pasive and other is clikable. i would like to see more for premades but whit chance to play solo
4wjyi1,Looking for feedback on my dream game,"Been working on a plot structure for this for years, I really don't expect it to go anywhere partly because I don't even know how to begin, and partly because it uses licensed characters (which won't be included) just looking for feedback, bad or good, bouncy ideas, opinions, general interest. "
4wjefp,I would highly recommend looking into a career in game design for anyone seriously passionate in a big idea.,"**WARNING!!!** This post assumes that you are actually passionate about your idea. The vast majority of ideas are a sudden lightbulb that results in a disorganized train of text, and then are quickly forgotten. You will have to put a lot of work into presenting your idea, providing knowledge and reasoning for every decision, directing every aspect of game development, being responsible for any failures, and balancing everything that is supposed to make the game fun. If you are passionate enough about your idea, you should find all of this to be easy and fun, though it is time-consuming. Also, you need to have a good visualization of the game in your head in order to give the artists and sound designers direction. \n\nIf you don't know, a [game designer](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game_design) is the visionary for a game, so basically the dream of everyone who posts here. **Game design is the art of making games fun.** Believe it or not, game ideas cannot be good or bad, as they have NOTHING to do with the fun of the game, only the initial appeal. As much as you love your ideas, if someone else makes it then there is no guarantee that it will be fun. This is where game design comes in.\n\nSomething extremely important to understanding game design is the game of **Tetris, with 495 million sales, the top selling video game of all time**. Think about how it would look as a post on this subreddit if you didn't know it already existed (shortest post of all time), and compare it with your ideas. You could probably very easily recreate Tetris in a day if you so wished, 495 million dollars worth of potential. This is what makes game design so important [Here](https://www.quora.com/Why-is-Tetris-so-popular) is an excellent explanation of Tetris's game design, the source of its success. You'll notice that the explanation is very short, but it isn't even a simplification or summary. \n\n**So how do I bring my idea to life?** Well, it may have been implied that the idea doesn't matter, but it does. It provides the initial appeal for the game, a way to attract customers based on their interests, because fun isn't the only reason why people buy video games. The technical aspects of game development matter too, providing an observable response from which one can derive satisfaction. \n\n**The job of the game designer, not as easy as you may think, is to determine how to accomplish a number of things.** All branches of knowledge are connected, so you can always go more complicated in order to get a more thorough understanding, increasing your worth to game companies. In the case of Game Design, it involves elements of mathematics, cognitice neuroscience, semiotics, and cultural studies. \n\n* In your game, in what ways does the player get satisfaction? \n * Your brain releases feel-good chemicals under various circumstances to encourage certain motivations.\n * The number 1 most important part of a game, something that the vast majority of game ideas leave out. \n* Continuously provide new experiences, at least until the game is over.\n * The player needs an incentive to keep playing the game, or else other sources of satisfaction will begin to take priority.\n* Balancing the sources of satisfaction to be properly paced.\n * Too much satisfaction and the player quickly builds a tolerance. \n * Too little satisfaction and the player gets frustrated or bored.\n* Deciding how it is presented through the technical aspects. \n * The right sounds and animations are necessary in order for the player to properly *feel* the impacts of certain actions. \n* How simple or complicated the code for everything is. \n * It doesn't take much to think or write out pseudocode, simplify it as much as you need. \n * Things don't have to be massively complex in order to convey what you want. Players don't scrutinize every aspect of the game.\n * A game gets done quicker, cheaper, and more to your expectations if you know the limits of the company and coding in general. \n* Extensive analysis of playtesting results throughout the entire game development process. \n * Valve talks in its developer commentaries about how their games were shaped massively around playtesting. \n * The game designer needs to get inside the head of the player to balance the game to run smoothly.\n\nI'm really tired and I've been working on this for a few hours, so I'll leave it at that.\n\n**TL;DR - Ideas for game content flow freely, but what makes the content unique and fun is what really matters.**"
4wjblw,Stock market trading game,"I should start by prefacing that I have zero developing know-how so these may be pie-in-the-sky ideas but I'm just throwing the idea out there. Ideally this game would also have an over-arching story and not just be an out and out stock market simulator, much in the same way as *Papers, Please* isn't just a border control simulator.\n\nBut basically, I don't care if someone straight up steals this idea for themselves. I don't even care about credit (although a free copy wouldn't go a miss if it is actually made haha) I just want to play the damned thing.\n\n-**Idea Origin**-\n\nI remembered [this old flash game](http://www.mousebreaker.com/game/merchant-banker) where you play as a commodities trader which has a basic random up/down trading system and you get commission based on every 'year's profits. There is also an extremely basic social system where you click on people in bars to see what they tell you to trade in.\n\nI have since searched for a Stocks trading game but all I can find are games in which you use virtual money on the real stock market.\n\n-**Concept**-\n\nThe Player character would be a stocks trader (day trader/portfolio manager), the game would consist of buying and selling stocks on a fictional stock market (more on that later) and the compensation would be commission on profits similar to the flash game. You would be promoted within your firm or demoted/fired depending on your performance and could also get head-hunted by other firms if you are very good.\n\nThe game would also have a social aspect to it as well, where you could go out with co-workers, get invites to private clubs etc. This side of the game can directly affect the promotion/success potential of the work side since, as the saying goes, it's not about what you know, its *who* you know.\n\n-**Interface/Gameplay**-\n\nYour interaction with the game whilst at work would be simply the screens a trader would work with, i.e. no walking around or anything like that. These screens would display the stocks which can be traded, each of which can be clicked on to show it's relevant info, news, charts and technical indicators (such as moving averages, MACD, broker's analysis etc).\n\nOutside of the characters work life, you would have control over choosing the players apartment (nicer places would help impress others but the higher rent could make month to month income extremely important) and lifestyle (working longer hours will impress bosses but leaves very little time to socialise, meaning you could miss out on important networking).\n\nThe social aspects of the game would be *Mass Effect* style dialogue and player choice would affect the future interactions with each NPC which in turn could affect job progression etc. There could also be instances where you would befriend someone who works in a company and they would hand you insider information which you would then have to choose whether or not to act on. If you do act on it, it could save you in a bad month or maybe just be the kicker you needed for that promotion but you might also get investigated for illegal trading.\n\n-**Stock Market Mechanics**-\n\nSo, this is the part where I may be talking out of my ass and asking for something *way* too big, but like I said I know nothing of game dev.\n\nThe fictional stock market on which the player would be trading would consist of procedurally generated companies where stock price would be affected by the standard buy/sell cycles, that company's performance (based on randomly generated improvements or declines over the previous quarter), overall market performance, and scripted events. The scripted events could affect single companies (e.g. breaking news stories about newly negotiated contracts or executive's illegal dealings), sectors (e.g. a new breakthrough in solar energy technology would see solar energy companies shares rise while oil and other energy companies would fall) or market wide (e.g. recession or boom/bubble).\n\nThe performance of the market in general would be done using similar indices as real life (i.e. it would be an accumulation of the performance of each company as opposed to a standalone generated number).\n\n------------------------------------------------------------\n\nI'm aware the demand for such a game wouldn't be huge but if people will play farming sim (myself included) then they would probably play this assuming it is well implemented, let me know what you think. Is the idea too big or is it achievable? "
4wiqhd,"Bleedout - An FPS where player damage is in the form of a slow drain on health and debilitating player skills like aim, speed, or vision.","**Overview:**\n\nRelatively generic FPS in terms of weapons and abilities, but with a special focus on the effects of battlefield injury and the strategy that emerges. The primary mechanics of the game are a ""damage effect and a  ""bleedout"" effect. Damage effects are disabilities due to injury - a limp, one-armed reloading, tunnel vision, slow movement, hearing loss, etc. The Damage Effects only impair the player, but do not affect the health of the player. Bleedout, on the other hand degrades health over time, and will reduce the health faster or slower based on where the player is injured. Other secondary mechanics could be considered for depth or balancing purposes, such as adrenaline, which would dampen the initial onset of the Damage Effect, or health packs, which a player could apply to stop or reduce the rate of bleedout.\n\n**Damage Effects:**\n\nBodily damage is done to each player, with realistic loss of function. Damage to a single leg would slow the player down. Damage to both legs would result in the player only being allowed to crawl. Damage to an arm, depending on which arm it is (right or left) would incapacitate that arm and affect things like aiming and reloading.  Gut hits would have a combination of arm and leg effects - like slowed movement plus degraded aim, or crawl-only plus slow reload. Damage to the head and chest would be far more serious. Chest hits would be a large combination of effects - slowed or prone with degraded aim and reload plus blurred vision. Hits in the head would be similar to a chest it in terms of effects, but would also have a relatively high chance of instant death. \n\n**Bleedout Mechanic:**\n\nOn top of the various damage effects, there would be a bleed out effect that would diminish health faster based on the body area damaged.  This would technically just be another damage effect, where the screen slowly turns black and movement becomes more difficult to control over time. At the end of the bleed out the player would be dead. It's only actually through the bleed out mechanic that anyone dies - the actual hit doesn't count against ""hit points"", it only degrades ability. The changing severity of the bleed out mechanic from various hits will be the only contribution to the mortality of the player. \n\n**Adrenaline Factor:**\n\nSomething else that could be added is some kind of adrenaline factor. This would be something that counteracted the negative effects of body damage to some degree and/or for some duration. Some ideas might be simply to delay the onset or slowly ramp on the various damage effects. It doesn't make sense to affect the rate of bleed out, as adrenaline won't actually do anything to slow the bleeding. Having the adrenaline factor reduce the effects of damage seems like the best option. Attenuating the onset of the damage effects would also allow the player a chance to take some kind of immediate action, like taking cover or starting to apply a bandage. It would be short, though. Perhaps the adrenaline level applied to attenuate could be metered, and a player would gain more adrenaline effects if they have recently been engaged in combat. The adrenaline effects would fade at a medium speed. Adrenaline could also affect things positively like reloading, aim, jump height, or sprint speed. \n\n**Health packs and healing:**\n\nPlayers could patch each other up to stop bleeding, but the injured player would not gain back their original bodily capabilities. For instance, a shot to a leg would reduce a player to a slow walk (limp) and would initiate some pretty bad bleeding. The player (or teammate) could then try to stop the bleeding, and if successful, wouldn't end up bleeding out, but would be debilitated with the limp until his next respawn. Perhaps require the patch use at least 10 seconds to apply. Patches also are less effective the more serious the wound is. You'd probably be able to patch up a wounded arm and continue on ok, but  even if you survived bleed out long enough to apply the patch, bleeding from a shot to the head could only be reduced a little bit, if at all - it will be basically not worth it to even try to patch yourself up from a shot to the head. \n\n**How multiple damages stack:**\n\nThe easiest way to deal with this would simply be to stack the bleedout effects. For instance, if a shot to the leg took away 5% health per second, then a shot to both legs would take away 10%/sec. If a shot to the chest takes away 15% per second, three shots on chest takes 45% health/sec. Or perhaps something more nuanced, like the bleedout percentages sum if each hit is in a different part of the body, but each subsequent hit to that same body part only inflicts half the original bleeding. This way, sending 10 bullets through someone's foot at 10% each won't mean 100% damage per second, it will mean 19.98%/sec. Damage effects would union together in general, and do some special things in some cases. For instance, being damaged in both arms prevents bandaging and gun use (grenades could still be dropped at your feet, and you can still run around, so you're not totally useless). Or, being damaged in both legs prevents movement except crawling, but all other functions are ok. \n\n**General Weaponry:**\n\nWeapons in the game are generic FPS weapons - pistols and rifles and so forth. Grenades could be added as well - perhaps a shrapnel damage type could be created that has a small probability of inducing any damage effect and rolls the dice on the bleed out as well. Some kind of concussive damage effect should be added here, like damaged hearing, for instance. Really, any other kind of weapon could be introduced, but it will just have to follow the same damage rules as everything else. Don't bring a knife to a gun fight…\n\n**Hearing Damage:**\n\nMight be a cool wrinkle to throw in. Just like sight being affected by lighting and pain, hearing should be affected by gun fire and explosions. This would provide a good reason to use a suppressor on your own gun. Any unsupressed gun would cause temporary hearing degradation - with hearing after the grenades being the most muffled and lasting the longest, then rifles, then pistols, and finally suppressed firearms. \n"
4wipla,[ramvle]Smash bros go,So firmly did a comic about other Nintendo games that wouldn't do well with the go addition.  When I saw smash on the list I agreed but it slowly dawned on me that like how Pokemon was changed so could smash bros.  you could start with choosing your character from the roster then walking to generate tokens you can spend in the store to buy characters or skins through a gashapon like system. You can use a system like pokestops to have battles against other players.  While roaming around you encounter grunts you can fight to level up your character.  Custom character creation could be added by having a base model and adding moves to the base.  Other things like this could make for an interesting proof of concept.  Even without the smash bros brand
4winzz,Make this idea more fun?,"I'm making a ""Play games -&gt; Earn money - Decorate your house"" kind of game, similar to Club Penguin. I'm trying to make it different and more unique then Club Penguin, while still making it appealing to young kids. I'd love to hear some of your ideas and feedback!"
4wimmc,Game where you play as a common Roman soldier.,That's it. You die just as easy as the next guy. You're just a body in the middle of a sea of thousands of people fighting. Maybe a damage system as well like if you're hit in the leg you limp etc.
4wij62,Gameplay detail: Ghost,"It's idea for multiplayer game. We need two players(you can make more, but it will be strange). So, this is an idea - one player is a ""ghost"", and another one is ""player"". It can be used to any game, but it will be better, if game is nonlinear. Only thing ""ghost"" can do is look around and talk with player. You can make ""ghost"" look like ghost, or make it as voice inside player's head. Player can play the game normally, but can hear ""ghost"". They can talk with voice chat or text. Then you have choice - game replays, but now ""ghost"" is ""player"" and ""player"" is a ""ghost"", or they can swap inside of a game each five or ten minutes. It can be used for any multiplayer nonlinear game. I really wanna try this."
4wgzwi,Looking for a mobile game idea that isn't too complicated but involves real time 1v1 battles.,[deleted]
4wgcfl,Idea request: Fun or competitive multiplayer game,Hello guys! Throw me with ideas about a multiplayer game which would you like to play. Any genre. 
4we2xd,Idea for Open MMO Dream/Experienced,"Hello reddit! I have had an idea in mind for a completely open world mmo that isn't pay to win or overly gear based. Instead, progression would be based on skill and adventuring. i've compiled a list of things i would like to include and I'm interested to hear your thoughts, comments, suggestions... anything.\n\n-sandbox\n-no specific classes\n-multiple factions/religions- favoring some may anger others\nno pay to win- in game transactions would only effect looks,storage, etc.\n-non-linear questing\n-skills and abilities are determined by weapons/accessories, factions, tomes.\n-no character level. Replaced by skill and faction levels\n-variety of mobility- flying, gliding, grappling hook, wall climb, teleport/dash, etc. (available through factions/items)\n-In game currency has serious value\n-skill based targeting\n-exploring &gt; grinding\n\nThese are just a few major things that i would like to see implemented. Again, thank you for your time and any input would be greatly appreciated.  \n\n\n"
4waurw,I need an idea for a simple competitive game,"I want to create a competitive and team-play game like rocket league or supraball (check it out if you don't know it) but i don't know what to do :C\nI will use UE4 as game engine and i will make a simple 3D design.\nI don't want to make a story game, just a multiplayer game where you can rank up, level up and maybe unlock some skins just as cs:go."
4w9yj8,Feedback required for a top-down arena game concept that I am working on,"**Short Intro**  \nBeen playing through different projects quite a while with games . Thought I'll start something simpler and add more features to make it more complex as I'm progressing with learning.\n\n**What I've got currently done**  \n    \n* Two player characters with basic movement implemented\n* Basic Pick-up spawning randomly across the level (only gives XP)\n* 2 player game-play through LAN is working\n* Each character can shoot projectiles that explode on any object hit (except their own projectiles. So if you hit your own projectile with another projectile, it will just pass through). You can also hurt yourself if you use bounce projectile and get hit by it.\n* Basic score board. Get 1 point for each time you hit your enemy, lose 1 when you hit yourself.\n* Types of projectile upgrades:  \n -Bounce  \n -Split Shot -Splits the shot in two different projectiles after x meters  \n -Multishot - Shoots 2 bullets at the same time  \n* All of the above projectile upgrades can also be combined.\n\n**How i imagine the game**  \nYour character is a circle type thing, it can change shapes to square or triangle. Each of them would have the same upgrade tree (which I'm planning on making it as complex as I can) but you could go for example for square (Bounce 2 times + SplitShot) and for Circle shape ( Multishot +2). So you could basically shoot a bullet that splits in two and bounces 2 additional times, then switch shapes, go around the wall and surprise the enemy with a multishot (3 bullets at the same time). There would be more types of upgrades of course, and each shape can have their own special skill like :  \n-Circle -&gt; Bounces enemy projectiles that hits him while skill is activated (small duration and cooldown ofc)  \n-Triangle -&gt; Dash in a direction  \n-Box -&gt; Move slower then other shapes and have a small shield maybe  \n\nWould like to hear your guys opinion, if this would be fun or not..etc , any feedback is welcomed.(good or bad :) ) And ofcourse any other ideas that i can try out. (I do have several of them but I won't make this post any longer. Thanks for reading!! )"
4w9l9h,Looking for a proper game idea to develop!,"I'm a student, and part time game dev, who's been working on a few games lately, but it seems no ideas are sticking. If you have a great idea for something small, that would actually work, then comment! You can see some of my work [on my website, or on twitter](http://bufferstudios.com/)\n\n* **Requirements**\n* Will be 3D and built in Unity (I've had a lot of time on C# and Unity)\n* More physics based and fun than serious and realistic\n* Not after FPS or survival, too big a genre.\n* Something goofy, but not absurd"
4w9k7v,"Plot for a Point and click, anyone?","the smaller, the better. i want to make one pixel-style, but anything will do."
4w8ne8,MOO (4x) RPG?,"so I was wondering if an RPG game like, you have a galaxy like on Master of Orion, and there's a bunch of alien empires on the map. And they're all expanding without player input.\n\nAnd you come in. From Earth, of course. And you have your little ship and skills. And there's random missions around the galaxy and you just need to do whatever you want.\n\nSo events, like a battle at this planet or that planet. Those aren't necessarily scripted, though of course there will be favoritism and scripted biases (like space birds and space cats hate each other) it's like a real 4x game between all the empires, while you're playing an RPG with just one ship"
4w8it0,A pizza delivery parkour game?,"Yeah, similar to AC/SoM mixed with those endless runners on app stores. What do you think?"
4w86p0,MMO That resets daily.,Players spawn in random towns all over a huge world. They then can do anything they want. They can accept quests etc or just roam around but with a twist. That old man who gives everybody's favorite quest? You can kill him. Or any NPCS. \n\nOh the shop? Yeah you can use your fire ball spell to burn it down. \n\nThe point is players can do anything they want. But every night at midnight every player is reset and so is the world. \n\nIf you die you're locked out until the shut down so careful being the jerk who kills everybody and every merchant. \n\nWill you rush to beat the final boss and reach max level or become a villain who stops everybody else.
4w7oe5,Flower Power,"Not actual game title, but an attention grabber and seeing as you are here it must have worked.\n\nThe idea is a side-scrolling platformer based off of using plants to travel across platforms, avoid traps and progress further with wider plant options becoming available as you level up/ progress. The setting is a dystopian society, so lots of grey background to help show off the vibrant vegetation.\n\nPlease reply if this interest you. I have an idea and little else!"
4w75sn,Global Warfare,"This is really a couple of games to be played together as one. It's something I've been thinking about on and off for a while, but with the explosion that is Pokemon Go it might be an idea that will actually take off now.\n\nIn brief, I'm thinking Command and Conquer, in the real world, played on Google Maps.\n\nThe first part of this idea is base and army building. This is a proper Location based game, using a smartphone. The idea here is that you go out and you build your base/empire up, in a typical RTS style. However, every building that you build in your game coincides with a real world building on Google Maps, and in order to build it you have to be geographically close to that building. (Not actually inside, but within a certain range). This means that you can only expand your base by physically going around capturing buildings and occupying them. There might also be certain building functions - upgrades, for example - that you can only do by being close by.\n\nThe second part of this idea is the actual longer-term gameplay, and this is done on Google Maps but doesn't need to be geographically close. This comprises two sets of things you can do. \n\n1. Giving orders to buildings for longer-term actions. This is things like manufacturing units, research, etc.\n2. Giving orders to units. This is things like relocating to different areas, patrols, supply runs, diplomatic missions, and then actual combat orders.\n\nNote that you don't actually do any fighting yourself. You just order your troops to attack certain areas and hope that they will do the right things for you. You can influence this with the orders you give, the units you send, the training and upgrades that you have, and so on.\n\nUnit movements will be based on Google Maps routing, so it will always follow defined roads in the Google Maps engine. This can be used to an advantage by being able to lay ambushes in certain chokepoints, or by plotting routes that go a longer way around in order to avoid detection. I'd also really love to have Street View come into play here, so you can actually ""see"" the units in an Augmented Reality style, but I've no idea if that's at all possible.\n\nThe next key part is territory. You own a certain amount of territory, which is defined as being the areas around certain buildings. You can only build your own buildings inside your own territory, so you can't just grab a huge area in one go and hope that people don't notice. Not all buildings capture territory, and different buildings will generate different amounts. Your main headquarters will generate quite a large area, whilst lookout posts will generate a relatively small area, for example. The only way to know where someone else's territory is will be to find it, either by exploring yourself - you can't see the territory but you can see their buildings and units if you are geographically close to them - or by sending troops out to scout for them. There will also have to be some means to handle contested territory, which is the territory where different players overlap. \n\nFinally there is the need to be able to have players form groups that work together. This will be essential for the game to work in high density areas, because otherwise your initial territory will be hugely squashed by everyone else around you."
4w6m8a,I need a simple but interesting game idea,Me and my friend want to make a game but we don't know what. I'm not programmer but he is so he would make the game mechanics alone so we need simple game like hotline miami not the same theme but similar simplistic game. It could be anything but not with complicated machanisms.
4w6hsb,2 Player Bible Character Fighting Game,"It is the best selling book of all time, why not the best selling game?\nYou could use all the classic characters and give them really fun powers. The game would be really controversial which would put it in high demand and make it a collectors item forever."
4w6ddj,Immortal; a 3d action game about and undying super-robot-soldier in a desperate battle against a superior foe,"Immortal\n\nYou slide out the back of a transport aircraft...dropped into a battlefield, an almost completely destroyed city...you crash down on your back leaving a crater. You are after all still getting used to your new body. You stand 15 ft tall and nearly 8 ft wide at the shoulders. You are a large and bulky War machine. You have no time to admire yourself now though as you have been dropped right onto the front line...your targeting systems scan the enemies lines and quickly pick up hundreds of targets. The enemies aren't hiding behind cover...they stand freely in the open unafraid of your allies weapons. You however are different...you are something new. A large plasma cannon on your left arm pushes back the larger, more armored foes while the smaller more rapid firing laser weapons on your right arm and shoulder are perfect for the smaller grunts.\n\nYour comms picks up cheers from the friendly units behind you as you move forward into and through the enemies lines, then the voice of another friendly war machine warning about the enemy are already deploying a counter for you and your new power. There's a yell then static...\n\nA block ahead of you a trio of enemies appear out of the flash of a lightning bolt. 2 about the same size as you and the other another 5 feet taller. The big one charges you and as you start to fire your weapons your left arm shuts down and goes limp. There's a burst of static from your comms and a garbled broken message. The only thing thing you can make out is EMP. That's when the big one slams into you shoving you back into one of the nearby buildings. It punches you in the chest a few times with little effect then it's hand clamps around your chest and detaches from it's arm. He steps back as your explosive indicator that would normally point out grenades and mines alerts to the hand firmly attached to your chest...then everything goes black.\n\nMemories fade in and out:\nAn Army Medic ""We've got someone alive over here!"" ""Hang in there we've got you!""\nIn a hospital Bed from a scientist ""You wont able to go back to your normal Life either way""\nA news station confirming another city destroyed...your city.\nThe same scientist ""...meld your brain with the robotic body using nano Machines""""...there are others...volunteer only""\nOn the operating table with many doctors around you and the same scientist says as you fade ""Always remember why you fight and you shall be immortal""\n\nYour eyes snap open and catch the last few moments of your body using nearby material to repair itself. The 3 that ""killed"" you have moved past you to where you first landed and have been backed up by others and are pushing friendlies back. As you move towards them your systems mark downed enemies to take better material from to better repair yourself and improve yourself for the fight again.\n\n\nThat is my idea for the beginning of the game I call 'Immortal' the idea is that you may be downed during a fight but you are essentially immortal and will always get back up, but each time you go down a short time passes(could also use a LotR:SoM style nemesis system) and there is a mini-game where you have to ""remember what you fight for"". I'm thinking a flashcard like game where you make 4 choices of phrases and/or pictures that were shown when you were ""killed"" the first time. \n\nThis could also be used as a ""good/evil"" system in the game where 4 correct answers is ""Good"" while 4 incorrect is ""Evil""(4-0, 3-1, 2-2, 1-3, 0-4) so you have varying degrees of good and evil. The ""good"" side could show enhancements to your armor rating and HP while also making your ranged weapons and abilities more efficient and the ""evil"" side could increase your speed and agility while making your melee weapons and abilities better. Also it would be nice to see it effect the look of your character where ""Good"" looks more rounded and more like a futuristic heavily armored paladin the ""evil"" side could look more angular and more ragged like a berserker with bits of scrap metal sticking off at odd angles with the main body getting a bit thinner and a little taller.\n\nThis ""good/evil"" could also affect the missions you undertake where ""good"" missions are shorter and done with little collateral damage and aim directly for the leaders and primary sites of the enemies, while ""evil"" has a tendency to desire revenge and cause chaos and destruction with side missions to enact this... although these missions wouldn't come from command but from yourself, showing more and more mental degradation as you ""forget"" who you are and what you are supposed to be doing with a possible ending being where you are fighting enemies on all sides only to find out that you were actually fighting friendlies."
4w69p4,"Digidoods, What Pokemon Go Should Have Been?","I would need a committed programmers or two and maybe one artist. My artist is still on board, but wants to get closer to a demo before she invests more time into the artworks.\n\nI began working on a game around 2010-2011 with 2 friends, an artist, and a programmer. We had come up with an idea based on the basic Pokemon concept of capture, battle, trade, and progress. After a few moths, they both had dropped off and I replaced them with new people, but never got far enough to do a Kickstarter. When Pokemon Go was released, I was as excited to play a new Pokemon game as I was crushed that they beat us to market on the concept. After playing though, I realized they really hadn't made what I would have thought to be a real Pokemon game. I think their mechanics are very lacking and they're living solely on the Pokemon brand.\n\nDigidoods intends for a player to capture and battle their way to the top, while still maintaining the ""Catch 'em all"" mentality, having common, uncommon, and rare Digidoods. We did not include evolutions as we thought there wasn't any value added. In Pokemon you either wanted a 1st evolution to level faster or a final evolution because of the stat benefits.\n\nWe utilize basic rock paper scissors with types such as Fire/Water/Nature. We utilize a weaker rock, paper, scissors where fire is strong against air and ice, but not as strong as it is against nature. That's in the elemental table for damage. We also have non-elemental such as rock/paper/scissors with Psychic/Combat/Giant. So Fire is still a slight advantage over Psychic, Ghost, and Dark.\n\nAll Digidoods are given a base speed that dictates their order of attacks. Faster creatures will have lower health to balance them out. Depending on your move set and opponent, a certain speed may be beneficial over another.\nWe didn't like how Pokemon forgot moves to learn new ones. We want to encourage you to try them all without penalty, so as you progress you learn new moves, but you can always go back and retrain to add an old move back to your set of 4 moves. Moves are based off of MMO classics such as DD and DoT as well as CC and special effects.\nXP gain is normalized for all creatures. Pokemon had background mechanics where one leveled faster than another all other things being equal. We follow a standard exponential function.\n\nEnemy trainers are also less stagnant. Instead of being annoyed by a trainer that has all lvl 10s when you have all 50s, or if you have 10s you want to train and can only find trainers with 50s, we base enemy trainers (not Arena trainers) on your party Digidoods. The same goes for encounters in the wild. You won't see a lvl 50 if you only have 10s and vice versa.\n\nCapture rates are all give and take as well. The harder a Digidood is to catch, the less likely it is to flee and vice versa. There will be ways for trainers to encourage Digidoods to not flee to avoid losing out on rares.\nThe world is set up according to Types. Each zone is absed on 2 types for a total of 16 zones that players can travel in. These zones repeat worldwide by our algorithm so you have the same 16 here as in Texas as in Norway. If you walk a mile West though, you will change zones to a new zone.\nWe plan to have end game PvP based on a similar function to chess rankings and award players items and titles.\nOur currency system is inspired by Path of Exile. So currency is also usable items. Gold gets stock piled and either too rare or too common. Our ""Pokeball"" is a Basic Charge (you are using your phone to catch Digidoods) and they progress to better catch chance charges as well as other that will double xp, teleport you to a zone of your choosing, convert your basic to a shiny, or even clone your Digidood.\n\nWork in some daily rewards just for logging in...\n\nAnd of course... Shinies!\n\nDo I continue to try and find a team? I'd love for this to get finished.\n\nHow much would it cost me to contract programmers and artists to complete it? I'd much prefer profit sharing, but maybe I'd just bite the bullet and roll the dice myself.\n\nDo you guys like the idea? I'm willing to bring people in under profit share to complete this thing and I'm open to changes. I'd love for data oriented people to break my algorithms and improve them.\n\nCheck out our Facebook Page for some of the artwork.\n\nhttps://www.facebook.com/Digidoods/\n\nLong Description\n\nDigidoods is an explore, capture, and progress type game. You start out the game with a choice of 3 different Digidoods offered to you by your guide, Dr. Proctor. He will pop up along your journey to give you hints as well as rewards for your achievements. Use your Digidoods to battle other Digidoods in the wild to capture them or level up. Battling and defeating trainers offers bonus experience and gold!\n\nDigidoods are each a combination of 2 of the 18 Types available. They can also be duplicates of the same Type. Some of the Types include Fire, Water, Earth, Psychic, Giant, Dark, and Light.\n\nYou will be exploring the 16 zone world in an attempt to capture all 171 Digidoods. Each zone is themed around 2 different types (excluding Dark and Light), making those types more common in that area. Other types can be found, but are much more rare. Exclusively in the zone will reside a rare that is both of the Types of that zone. For example, only in the Ice/Void zone, Boreal Maw, you can encounter Starwhal, the Ice/Void Digidood. Rares can only be encountered once you have a level 50 Digidood. Dark and Light Digidoods can only be found during night/day respectively, but can be found in any zone. Night is considered to be 6pm-6am and Day is 6am-6pm.\n\nYou can travel between zones by physically moving in the real world. Each zone is an approximately 1.25 mile square. We encourage players to ""Go outside and play!"" You can move in game without moving in real life, but that will require a teleporter and only be temporary. Teleporters can be found in the wild or bought in game. Each step that you take in real life will count as walking within your current zone in game and grant you a chance to encounter a trainer, Digidood, or item.\n\nTo start the game, you will only be able to progress your Digidoods to level 10. Once you own at least 4 Digidoods, travel to the Whispering Garden zone to try your luck against our Garden Arena leaders. Defeating them will unlock the next Arena and allow your Digidoods to level up to level 20. Progress all the way through the Arenas and you'll be able to enter the Hall of Champions!"
4w60c8,The World Ends With US,[deleted]
4w5xxk,The World Ends With US,[deleted]
4w57ci,maybe digimon go,[deleted]
4w3vmc,AlienLife simulator as in rick and morty,"Hey guys,\n\ni am planning to create a long wanted game with a friend and want bounce some ideas and concepts from you. I think its an awesome idea and maybe inspirational to some of you.\n\nWe always wanted to create an alienLife simulator. One where you land somewhere and there is a number of weird creatures that want to eat hunt you but also eat hunt themselves. We have experience in creating Evolution simulators and this will play a big role. We don't want to wander too far off from what we have already done in smaller projects. Just a trow everything into one bucket thing.\n\nCreatures evolve and there will be big hunter prey action going on with actual evolution. We have already made a prototype working with physical evolution as a trade off of speed hp etc. Imagine a point system like in an rpg where each creature gets a given amount of points to put into body functions. This distribution will be mainly a tradeoff mechanic to create specialized creatures to fill different niches. It will be possible to start on a planet with only plants and one mutating to eat its neighbours until you end up with a bunny creature. This in turn will be able to evolve into a wolf by attack other bunnies etc. The idea is that only one simple entity can be a spore to create all life on the planet. The player will be equipped with a gun and will be able to create fences and thus breed the species he wants. \n\nIt turned out people are incredible good at breeding in an older prototype, where we used an evolutionary algorithm to hunt the player, they would stop killing the weakest and let them attack to make the game think its the best enemy (most damage given to player) resulting in tame/retarded enemies. It will be impossible to stop the player from breeding the creatures as they will one way or another select creatures to die, resulting in them optimizing to not die.\n\nFor now creatures will not fly/swim we try to make a minimal running version with all features first. So only ground with some obstacles. But we maybe add water later. But flying seems just weird and complicated to program.\n\nThe ai is the trickiest part. Thats where i need your feedback.\n\nWe will use a boid system. You know like the bird swarms or fish/shark swarms? We have one prototype with static implemented plant, bunny and wolf where a boid system creates nice deep behaviour and flocking of bunny heards vs wolfes avoiding each other or teaming to hunt bunnys. With some tweaks in only stat numbers we can create more social entities or loners with out having to change any code. Its basically one algorithm that can produce a range of interesting behavior by just changing its input values, which we of course will inherit from parent to children with small mutations thus creating an ever struggle between prey and hunters.\n\nI think we wont implement any more complex ai than boid behavior and we already know how to optimize that algorithm. So no a* and only hunt on sight, rest if no enemy is to be seen and random turns from time to time. so basically a state machine which selects boid behaviour (flock or disperce).\n\nOne problem is that if an entity can play any role from plant to bunny to wolf to cow how does a bunny know to hunt a plant and to flee from a wolf but stay calm around cows? How does it know its a bunny and his mutated uncle is one too? We can't take size hp or attack damage as an indicator. In fact none of the stats can be used for enemy detection. We don't want to put us in a corner where the evolution will only work partially because of weird constraints and not understanding that poisinois snakes are dangerous.\n\nHere comes the dangerLvl. Every creature has a dangerLvl which is basically an eloRating as in chess games. If a creatures feasts on harmless plants its danger level will not rise much and stagnate at a lvl. But if a lion hunts an alligator and wins its dangerLvl will rise, the same goes for bunnies who kill a lion by random ,but ok he earned it. Parents inherit part of their dangerLvl to their children so lion babies are already kinda dangerous but will need to actually prove they can hunt to become more dangerous. Plants will never kill anyone so their danger lvl stays at 0. Lions who evolve into plants will reduce their dangerLvl with each generation until it reaches zero, because each lion plant child will have a lower dangerLvl than its parent.\n\nEach creature will react differently to dangerLvls. Some are more aggressive and attack other creatures with the same danger lvl other are careful to only attack significant lower danger lvls. There is an ""prey"", ""ignore"", ""flee"" threshold for the difference in dangerLvl. So if the difference is high both will know who is the hunter and who is prey. Best part is its a relative number that works between bunnies and plants but also between dragons and lions.\n\nThe threshold will be inherited. So an aggressive species will have aggressive children, a deer like species will run from the smallest danger lvls even though it might gained a high dangerLvl by defending against a predator.\n\nOk now we fixed the dynamic food chain, but how do cows know to heard together? Thats a tuff one. We also want the player to have the possibility to breed a dog from wolves, who would basically walk around the player and attack enemies for him, gaining dangerLvl and being an aggressive badass with teeth.\n\nEach creature will have a floating number stored. think of this id as their personal scent. Two creatures consider each other a friend if the number is similiar but if the difference is too big they don't consider each other friends anymore and start checking the other for prey/danger. So the dog could be breed to like a big spectrum of creatures or it could be breed that it only likes a very specific spectrum of numbers containing the players scent. If a creature gets a child this number will drift as much as the mutation of that child. Big mutations will make a big difference in the scent and small mutations will make the number only change slightly. So parents tend to like their children but far away relatives could see it as an enemy and attack it. Since our creatures are as cold as sharks (remember we gave then the shark boid ai and nothing more) they wont defend their child. In the long run they will create a homogenic pack.\n\nPlants on the other hand will probably try to evolve their id into the zone of the bunnies id so the bunnies consider plants their friends and flock around them without eating them so their scent will tarn them. Interesting behaviour and evolutionary drift will occur. where some creature follow others who ignore them etc.\n\nThats the game mechanic. Does this sound interesting to you?\n\nWhen i talk about bunnies/plants/wolfes the creatures will not look like them. Infact they probably will look pretty alien but their behavior and position in the food chain will be close to a Bunny. So i say bunny instead of lower end food chain herbivores that tend to flee in zig zacks. Probably there wont be a bunny in the game but other alien niches that only make sense in the world we created.\n\nAlso i said planet. The environment will not look like no mans sky. We have no artist and no resources to develop something like that. It will be 2d from birds eye perspective. Creatures will be a collection of scaled sprites depending on their genes. So big attack = big teeth, high dangerLvl = stripes, high photosynthesis = green, high hp = big.\n\nI good too have goal is to create some big circles and let the player have a rocket that he can use to fly between the circles and move creatures around to watch them tear apart the local wildlife or to create new life on a barren empty planet(area).\n\nThe player will be a creature himself but with an distinctive sprite. He will have a weapon but i don't think we will focus on creating counter strike 2d. The player will be able to create fences to capture creatures which they probably have to build from cutting plant creatures(trees). I may add a stun gun that would stun creatures for a time so the player can store them into their spacecraft and make tests with them (watch their genes and stats) maybe even change some values being a weird scientist experimenting with aliens.\n\nWhat do you think?"
4w3tp0,Protection,"I. Story: An alien race invades Earth and destroys it to the ground with the purpose of taking over the land and rebuilding it for themselves. The few humans survivors are taken into slavery. One of the alien warriors, when noticing what his peers did, feels sorry for everything!\n\nHe hates the destruction and sorrow his species caused, so he decides to travel back in time and prevent everything from ever happening. He arrives on Earth during the Stone Age and assumes a human appearance.\n\nHe knows that, if he is to save mankind, he must first gain enough influence and power to organize a defense and have people create the required technology.\n\nHe must become a leader. But to do so, he must infiltrate the human society and gradually gain their trust, by helping them as much as possible(doing tasks).\n\nThe alien hero is immortal, so the game will span from the time of his arrival(Stone Age) all the way to modern days, when his species is due to arrive.\n\nThrough time, he must maintain his position and develop the required technology. He will pick sides against other human groups(as a king, emperor, etc.) or countries who would like to strip him of his power or defeat his people.\n\nAs time passes, the hero will rule from a secret society and the vast majority of mankind won't have a clue he exists.\n\nII. Gameplay:\nThe hero receives tasks, in a similar fashion with other RPGs or GTA(could be a GTA-like game set in a different timeline), from various characters from the game. Those characters will have names, homes and personalities and there won't be too many of them in each historical period.\n\nThe hero doesn't perform tasks for just about anyone, he only helps those that could help him with his ultimate goal. Important people of the day. But at first, when humans live in small tribes, he will do quests for just about anyone...:)\n\n---- The hero is rewarded with money which can be spent on: housing, clothes, weapons, armor, food/drinks, pets etc.\n\n----- The player's first houses are free, since they are caves and tents, but as times goes on, he will buy huts, houses, castles, etc.\n\n----- The player can buy ""business venues"" such as inns/taverns, trading posts, or invest money in various propositions(he could even sponsor famous historical inventors).\n\nAs time goes by, these venues diversify: the player will buy and rule banks, ships and ship companies, castles, pieces of land/property, etc.\n\nHe will invest in railroads and railways, he will build train stations and many, many venues. The profit that they generate is used to create the required defense technology, to pay for people and to invest in research.\n\n----------- The player can have slaves and later on servants and butlers, and he/she will have to manage their problems and decide how to treat them. The player can have pets and/or horses and, when acquiring one, the player can also name it.\n\n----- The player can have a reputation. If he/she goes around doing bad things, like stealing, destroying cities, etc., people will hate this and the whole plan will sink.\n\n----- After the final mission, when the hero defeats the alien general who invaded Earth, the player can play the game as an open world one, but he/she can also travel back to all other historical periods where all the previous achievements will be remembered and all unfinished quests can be resumed.\n\nIt's like a GTA/Skyrim-like game spread across multiple cities/areas/timelines...\nIII. Abilities:\nThe player will have special abilities apart from the ""regular"" weapons:\n1) Poisons and Cures: By using the scientific knowledge he has, the hero can gather plants and combine their ingredients and specific properties to craft and enhance poison effects.\n\nThe player can use these poisons on weapons, to make gas bombs, etc. On the good side, the player can combine plants to create cures for those who are sick\n2) Invisibility\nThe hero has a device that deflects light and renders its bearer invisible. This is infinite, unlike those in other games....\n3) Telekinetic abilities.\nNative to the hero's alien species\n4) Teleportation\nBy using another device, the player can teleport everywhere."
4w3fq2,Alien invasion during class,"*NOTICE: THIS MAY BE TOO AMBITIOUS FOR MOST DEVS* (consider it hard mode)\n\nA fps or 3rd person game about you in work doing you're office job, when suddenly you hear the air raid sirens of your (small) town. As you reach home, you turn on the news and find out there has been an alien invasion. After that the screen blacks out and shows 1 day later, you wake up to the sound of large vehicles moving. As you check that out, it looks like the military is moving troops to a nearby warzone. The screen blacks out again and shows 2 days later. You're watching the news in your house (with your family? It will add some interesting options later on) when suddenly there's a black out. From here on, the town needs supplies so you and a few other people are tasked to drive to a nearby town and ask for some aid. On the way to the town, you seen a military convoy that seems as if it was just shot down minutes ago. As you rush to see what happens, you see most of the crew dead except for a few people (they will be nursed back to health at the town). They say some aliens attacked them while they were on their way to your town to resupply/defend it. They also say their communications are dead so they were just following orders of their highest ranking officer. So blah blah blah then the army guys (only about 3-4 of them) ask a few members who know how to shoot a gun to drive them to a military base (they don't know if it's ruined or not).\n\n- I'm going to stop right here because I just realized I was making an AAA title, if anyone likes the idea and wants to make it, let me know to continue. Or just make the rest on you're own - \n\n- some details are based on the tv show ""Jericho"" -"
4w3f1o,[VR] Boxing at Command.,"Hey guys. I have an idea of VR game. It is not very original since we already have few VR boxing games. What I have on my mind is nothing different but the core of it is , you don't play as boxer. You just play as someone who *cheering* ... I mean , giving out idea to your character how to strike or do some stuff.\n\n\n---\n\nBasically, the size of Chaperone is equal to Boxing Ring size. You can maneuver within it. Since you're not locked as boxer. Do what ever you want , run? punching your own boxer or opposition boxer? Anything!\n\n&gt; Boxing Ring size = Chaperone Size??? Sound pretty absurd , the scale wont match. It will not be 1:1.\n\nYou need to remember , you're not playing as a boxer.\n\n\n---\n\nWhere is the fun?\n\n\nSince you're inside the ring. You should have the brighter Idea on how your boxer should strike. From here , you can give command like; (vocal) ""Left Jab , His Chin"" , or (combination of controller and voice) ""Uppercut"" with your controller pointing where to hit.\n\nThat is on offense. You can also ask them to move to your desired location. Through voice or controller. And do defensive moves - the same way as other command.\n\nHence - Boxing at Command.\n\n\n----\n\n\nMinor Detail.\n\nThis game should be PvP game. Another thing , in PvP mode. The players shouldn't able to see each other except seeing each other boxer.\n\nUnnecessary stuff: This should be the test ground for Wrestling Game with similar mechanic. I suggesting boxing instead of wrestling because , boxing only take 2 players in a ring and uniform set of moves."
4w2n45,Game involving Endangered Species.,"I know this isn't very descriptive, but it allows for a lot of great ideas and flexibility. I'm looking for game ideas I can make for a mobile game that involves/focuses around some endangered species, such as Red Pandas, Amur leopards, Kiwi, etc. the game will be a 2D iPhone/mobile game I plan to make in Unity."
4w22ro,BEST IDEA EVER,"Idea for the best video game. Sandbox style super power destroyer. Be a hero or a villian with no rules. Freely switch from a regular alias customizable avatar into any style of super powered flying character you choose maybe have 4 to 5 type options (super man type, hulk type, etc...) you can either defend or destroy your customizable cities everything is destroyable in a different way (like just cause 3 but better (make it beautiful like shadow of the calosses)) like slicing through skyscrapers with laser vision and watch them Fall like trees in the woods. Or take on other super powered villians while ""accidentally"" destroying cities like man of steel style or the hulk. Also based on customizable game modes try to survive random natural disasters like tornados, comets, aliens etc... during your battles or escapades similar to SIM city. Online multiplayer options are limitless."
4vymg3,"Need An Idea For A Retro, 16px / 32px Game","Okay, I am starting out making games and I need some ideas for a game it will be made in gamemaker studio. I will put your name in the credits if you do have an idea that we will use."
4vx0b3,"Sorry about the repost, I hit the Hide button on the text box and could not reverse it. Classic Merry Melodies Cartoon Game, sorry repost,",[deleted]
4vx06e,Wouldn't this be cool,Don't be to judgy but what if there was a kh game were it was about kid who was turned into a heartless( nanoshadow) but was so strong willed that he was able to control being a shadow like sora in kh1. I will wait for your comments. Hate or happy comments
4vwz6e,"Classic Merry Melodies cartoon, Game",[deleted]
4vuzfi,Pokemon go - but with zombies,[deleted]
4vton5,"Abuse, a story based game of choice.","I've been very shy about posting a story based game, but I feel this idea is worthwhile and needs to be posted somewhere.\n\nAbuse and Victimization.\n\nThe game starts with you (Male or Female) waking up at the age of 4 with your older Sister, to your mother and father screaming. Just a regular fight.\nThen some sort of object is thrown, it shatters, and you hear your mom scream. This is when the game's mechanic takes place. \n\nDo you go investigate?\nDo you ask your sister to go check?\nDo you do NOTHING?\n\nEach choice is a consequence. If you go, your father slams you against a counter, dislocating your shoulder.\nYour sister goes, she gets yelled at by your mother and sent back to your room. \nIf you do nothing, the fighting continues and your mother begins to cry audibly throughout the house.\n\nI know this sounds rather limited, but most choices will matter.\nIf you went when you were young, as you age your ability to stop your mother/boyfriend/girlfriend will be impeded due to that injury.\nIf you sent your sister, she will be weary of helping you as you age. \nIf you ignored it all, then the crying never stops. Your mother goes through husbands. \nYour sister later on moves into your first dad's house, eliminating that option completely.\n\nAfter you move in with a boyfriend/girlfriend, if you continue to ignore the issue, you'll be dragged throughout the house, sweet talked, and the abuse will continue to escalate until you do SOMETHING.\n\nNot all scenarios are one choice and it’s over. \nYou decide to go, the scene plays. Then you have the choice to fight back, yell, or retreat.\nYou can send your sister, then you hear a thud. Do you go or stay away?\n\nYou will always have the choice to do SOMETHING if you choose to do NOTHING.\nThis means if you choose to do nothing, the fight will continue in the background and the options given to you will continue to hover on the screen.\nThe scenario will only end when your mother begins to cry, or your Boyfriend/Girlfriend has moved on from you to do something else.\n\nThis game will feature these staple events, no matter the choices you made.\n\nThe beginning fight.\nA new husband fight.\nThe next new husband fight.\nYour mother will attempt suicide.\nYour mother will be visibly drunk and ask if you want a ’ride’ during a blizzard.\nSchool scenarios will be included featuring bullying and blackmail.\nAs you age you will get a boyfriend/girlfriend. They aren't there to make your life better.\n\nThis game will be based on real and realistic events. From my own life, and many others.\nThe entire point of its creation is to tell players and people watching that something can be done about your situation, but only if you do SOMETHING. \nIf you decide to do NOTHING the entire game, the game won’t end. \nThe same issues will begin to loop until you decide SOMETHING needs to be done.\n\nThe game won't be large, or ambitious. It will be as long as it needs to be. \nI was hoping for a Chat Box type style. This way the game is told by 'thought' chatting with 'voice'.\n'Thought' is, sounds, voices, and objects you hear and see.\nWhile Voice is how you reason, speak, or interact with them.\n\nWhether it is voiced or not does not matter. While voices are strong, they aren't necessary for an interactive story.\n\nI've also seen the game 'Curtain'. Which is done about Domestic Abuse.\nI'm hoping for this game, it can explain both Child Abuse and Domestic abuse.\n\nI'm not asking for money or credit, only putting this idea and my cooperation out there.\nMy apologies for suggesting a story based game."
4vt3da,I need some game ideas! I would like to make a sort of game like FTL but different!,
4vslyh,Rpg go,"Now firstly I have to say I have no interest in this pokemon go hype, it's just not my type of game. But, it got me thinking about an rpg/dungeon crawling game. You create your character and as you walk around you encounter monsters and chests etc. And level up. There would be healing stations, shops and boss fights in certain locations and also, you'd be able to pvp with people you are close to. I'm sure someone must already be developing something like this, Right? Seems like a no brainer to me."
4vqg0y,Game Idea: Colonization - The Game,"Game idea: Colonization (First person game)\n\nWarning: This game would require advanced coding and AI.\n\nI hope this wouldn't turn out like Rust or Ark, please no.\n\nConcept: \nThis game would about Colonization in the New World.\nYou and up to 7 other players can choose a nation; Britain,\nSpain, or France. You would set sail to the New World and \ncolonize it facing many challenges like weathers, wild animals,\nother nations, etc. You try to survive through the beginning \nstages and eventually build a early city. \n\nMultiplayer/Singleplayer:\nMultiplayer groups/games would consist of up to 8 players.\nSingleplayer would be one player with 7 AI settlers. \n\nGamemodes:\n\nCo-op: \nUp to 8 players would work together as one nation to colonize\nthe New World. The host of the game can appoint the leader\nof the grou, of course he/her can appoint themself. The\nleader would make the major decisions of the group at\nthe beginning of the game. They build, survive, and live together.\n\nRivalry:\nUp to 8 players can choose from two different nations. For \nthis example we will use France and Britain. All 8 players \ncan go either France or Britain and then each group of 4\nwill play the game like the co-op scenario except the other\nnation is being played by players.\n\nCustomization:\nPlayers can customize the look of their character in the main\nmenu with limited options based on generic looks during that\ntime. \n\nFor the rest of the examples I will use the scenario of 8\nplayers in a co-op game and they chose Britain with\nthe normal difficulty setting.\n\n\nThe Progression:\n\nSetup.\n\nPrepare for the sail.\n\nSail to the New World.\n\nLanding.\n\nColonize early.\n\nColonize middle.\n\nColonize late.\n\nEarly City.\n\n\nSetup:\n\nThe lobby of the game before it starts, here the host can\nchoose the nation that you play as, how many players, difficulty \nsetting, where the group(s) land etc.\n\nPrepare for the sail:\n\nThe group will be at a resource screen at the beginning of the \ngame. The leader of the group will be able to select a limited\namount of resources to bring on the voyage and for colonization.\nEx. Food, materials, animals, drink, etc.\n\nSail to New World:\n\nThe group will be put on a ship of your nation. You will have\nhave to make it to the New World without dying for about\n20 minutes in game time. Facing challenges like hunger, fires,\nholes, storms, and more.\n\nLanding:\n\nThe group will strike land with their ship and a ramp will lower\nto the ground. Then, the group can start unloading the supplies \nthat they brought. The leader of the group can place a free\nstorage building and 4 free houses. (Free meaning they don't \nrequire resources). The leader of the group can send the ship\nback to your nation to return with certain things; settlers,\nmaterials, food, animals, etc. (You can do this throughout the\ngame)\n\nColonize early:\n\nAfter landing and having set up a base, the group can start \ncollecting resources. (Each member starts with an axe, and a\nshovel) Ex. Cutting down trees for wood, shoveling for dirt,\nbringing materials to the storage, 'harvesting' animals, etc.\n\nColonize middle:\n\nBy this point, most of your group should have houses, farms, \nand more. You will also have AI settlers, in which the leader\nof the group can order them around. They can be ordered to \ncollect materials, farm, build, fight, defend, etc. Also by\nthis point you may have met another nation/faction. You may\nhave met the natives where any member of your group can\nnegotiate with them. You can ally together and trade resources\nand warriors or you can be unfriendly where both sides go \nto war for each other's resources. \n\nColonize late: \n\nYou will have a decently sized village set up by now. Settlers\nwill be working around the clock, players doing anything that\nis needing, and a small militia with muskets and swords will\nhave most likely been set up. You may have met another power\nby now like France or Spain. Same rules apply with natives as\ndo the other powers. By now, the groups leader can decide if \nthey want to spend materials and settlers (players too) to set\nup a new village. The leader can choose to send materials and\nsettlers to another point on the map to set up an early village\nthere. An AI or another player can be appointed leader of that\nvillage, they will start from the early colonization point.\nLater on, the other village(s) can decide to break off from\nthe nation's main village and become their own faction. Usually\nthey will be severely outmatched resource and firepower wise, but\ncan still choose to live separately.\n\nEarly city:\n\nAs a point of reference, imagine early Boston has been formed.\nNow a small and early city has been set up with a small government,\nport, military, population, work force, etc. The group is\nconquering other powers, natives, or allying with them, setting\nup new villages, and overall securing the New World for your\nnation or faction. You can lead small regiments of soldiers, \nartillery, and cavalry in battles. \n\nEvents:\n\nEvents can either be good or bad. Here are some examples:\n\nAnimal attack: \nA wild animal can attack your colony or a\nindividual outside the colony.\n\nWeather: \nYou may have a sunny day or stormy day which can \naffect your ship returning with all of the supplies you \nrequested or returning at all. Stormy weather can also affect\nopen gunpowder or food. \n\nAttack: \nNatives and other nations will periodically attack you\nwith small groups if you are at war. \n\nNation:\n The nation you choose can give you tasks for your \ncolony to complete. Your nation can decide to give you a \ncut on resources if your colony isn't progressing the way \nthey want it to, they can also give you a bonus in resources \nfor completing tasks they give you.\n\nDisease:\n Illness and disease can effect your settlers. (players\nimmune) You can request medicine your nation or other nations/factions.\n\nLosing and dying:\nIf a player dies, they will respawn in a house after a minute.\nWhen a player respawns it will take away one of your population,\nthe game will prioritize workers first, then military personnel.\nIf all AI are gone, players will not be able to respawn\nuntil another settler joins the colony. If all players die,\ngame over.\n\n\n"
4xkmi1,[Request] Mobile Game Ideas.,"I'm fresh out of ideas for mobile games, if you have an idea let me know and I will try making one of them."
4xkjfc,Breeding Game,"I've always been fascinated by both Tamagotchi and Pokémon breeding, so I've been thinkering with an idea for a ""breed 'em all"" game.\n\nThe idea would be having to breed all the possible combinations of certain animals. Each animal should be the result of the combination of certain traits. Some ideas were body shape (teddy bear-like, bird, 4-legged, etc...), body color (red, green, blue, black, white, etc...), eye color (other than common colors, there could be the possibility to have heterochromatic eyes, increasing even more how many you can have other than having them being really rare), eye shape (you can go crazy here and have star-shaped, tear shaped and whatever) and whatever you can think of. Those characteristic are hereditary and would work like in regular genetics (kinda, I have a couple of algorithms written down on how to regulate that).\n\nIf you want to further implement the tamagotchi feel, you can add a whole new dimension to the game by reducing the number of traits (in order to reduce the number of animals and the difficulty of the game), but need to keep them alive with a happiness meter: to be happy, they need to either play one-on-one with you (which is doable for low numbers) or with other animals with as many affinities as possible. If an animal is put to play with other animals with which it shares too few traits, it might get bullied and quickly decrease its happiness meter. Also, they might have an hidden trait which makes them happier with more similar animals (outgoing), when the group is small (timid), when they are the only ones with a certain trait in their group (outstanding), etc...\n\nIt might be a bit too difficult of a game for the player, so it might need something dumbed down, but I think it could be cool."
4xk5kk,Da vinci,"da vinci you play in da vinci time or basically any famous century time. its a shooting game. You can jump through classical painting to demotion of that painting time. Example: if you jump through stary night then you end up there. the graphics look like paint. the characters look like wood models or greek/rome statues. you can use vehicles such as da vini first crafted plane or other first project vehicles. there are different type of centuries such as rome time or old fashion time. You can play in black &amp; white times depending on the map and year your in. The game is like a arena like Overwatch. \narenas- da vinci workshop arena-huge toy store (perpective of a ant)\n\nThere are also old (pirate) ships and first crafted helicopter or bat wings, the game can be played as 1st or 3rd person. I imagine the graphics being 3d but if the arena your playing in is a painting then everything should look like paint or if its a old film then black &amp; white like old films or simply 3d like overwatch graphics. \nArena-starry night \nArena-The scream (also one of the characters) \nArena- The Persistence of Memory \nArena- A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte Arena-Water Lilies \nArena-Trip to the moon Character- American Gothic Character- Vincent van gou Character- Girl with a Pearl Earring \nCharacter-charlie chaplin Character- Marilyn Monroe\n\n\nNow I believe this game can be the next big thing, I have a huge vision for this game. If I can somehow get my voice heard that would be awesome. Im still already coming up with more ideas by the minute but i would appreciate to recieve feed back. Its also a game to remember the legendary artist and great legends."
4xjs48,My dream zombie game.,"My dream zombie game takes aspects from Metal Gear Solid V, Fallout 4, Day Z and Grand Theft Auto.\n\nThe premise: The idea isn't to just survive, but to build a safe haven, and rebuild society. The player will be immersed in a zombie infested open world. They have to gather supplies, food, and people to survive and make a better life for themselves.\n\n**THE MAP**\n\nThe area will be a large open area, filled with cities, towns, forests, and open areas. It becomes quicker and easier to travel as the player finds vehicles that work, or the tools or skills to fix them. Anything from cars, quads, motorcycles, airplanes, helicopters, and boats will be fixable and usable.\nItems and supplies will need to be found in the World, but as the game progresses, they can be made.\n\n**BUILDING A BASE**\n\nThey player is tasked with finding a suitable location to set up a base, in a nice quiet, secluded location (or in the middle of a city if the player likes a real challenge). Once the player chooses a location, they have free control over what they build, as long as they have the materials to do so. For example, if it's a clearing in the woods, the player can use an axe to chop down trees, to collect ""wood"", and use that to build a makeshift fence and shelter for themselves. Once a base has been established, this will serve as a ""motherbase"", a relatively safe place the player can return to. Returning to the base will allow the player to upgrade the base, unload any items, get a full rest, and bath, to refill any stats, or health that has been lost while out. If the player plans on spending more than a day outside the base, they can take extra food, a sleeping bag and tent to accommodate them, but the longer they are out, the less their stats refill, the more fatigued they are, more skills drop, such as aiming or speed.\n\n**Survivors**\n\nAs the player finds more friendly people, they can choose to invite them back to their base. Each new person can be assigned jobs and tasks, such as defending the base, hunting , chopping down trees, search for more people. Each person will also have special skills, according to their experience and career before the apocolpsye. A police officer, or veteran will have great combat skills, an architect will open up better designs for houses, a mechanic will be able to repair damaged cars, a helicopter pilot will be able to fly you in or out of any tight spots.\nMultiple bases will be possible, and ideal for advancement later in the game. Specific buildings discovered along the way will have helpful resources, that can be utilized with the right protection, and the people with the skills to work there. On land oil rigs, and refineries will be able to produced gas, to help fuel vehicles and generators. Airports will allow planes to land (refugees looking for a safe place to land), factories to make guns and bullets, farms to make food. Each base will need people to operate them, walls and weapons to protect them.\nIf a base is not properly defended, either weak walls, not enough ammo, and not properly taken care of, it runs a great risk of being over run, losing the people and any resource that comes from it.\nEvery person who is recruited into your base can be controlled by the player if they wish, to take advantage of unique skills. For the player to fly a helicopter, they will need to use someone who actually knows how to. Even taking a random person, and doing some target practice with them will increase their combat skills.\n\nEdit 1: \n&gt; Everytime you use a character in combat, their skills improve, even if you\n&gt; replay the same missions over and over again. But once you get a lot of\n&gt; survivors in your base, you can set up gun ranges and training camps to\n&gt; automatically increase skills of more than one survivor at a time. (More\n&gt; teachers in camps means more students, and less people working on\n&gt; resources) \n\n&gt; That same system can be use for any skill, like hand to hand combat,\n&gt; aiming, physical fitness, pilot training, mechanical training, petroleum\n&gt; engineering, etc...\n\n\n\n**COMBAT/ ZOMBIES**\n\nThe zombies will need to have their brain destroyed to be taken down, so a shot to the head (low caliber guns may not do enough damage, so maybe two shots), or a knife to the head, or any blunt weapon, like a wrench or brick to smash in their heads. Bullets to the body won't kill them, but can rip their body up, shoot off limbs. Destroy the legs, and the zombie will still crawl after you.\nThe zombies will mostly be walkers, moving at slow paces (occasional fast joggers). A brisk walk will be able to allude them, but once they spot you, they will constantly follow you, they will always move to your last known location, so running around corners and climbing out of sight will help evade them. Dealing with only a few zombies will be fairly easy, it's the big hordes that are dangerous. City centres will be filled with them, and outskirts will have less.\nThe player can sneak and crawl around zombies. If the player is skilled enough, they can sneak up behind unsuspecting zombies (or humans) grab them and stealthy kill them with a knife or sharp object. Zombies will be attracted to lights, sounds and movement, and if you're in the line of sight they will spot you.\nA single bite will be fatal, resulting in the player restarting from their last save point. Heavy clothes and armour can provide addition protection. If a player is grabbed by a zombie, depending on the strength of the player, they will have a limited time to break free. During this time, any zombies in the area can take advantage of your vulnerability, and still attack.\n\n**WEAPONS**\n\nAnything can be used as a weapon, even if it doesn't kill a zombie, at least knock them down, like a pipe or 2x4.\nThere will be a crafting system to make weapons. Bow and arrows can be made from wood, swords and tools can be made from metals. Any scrap metal object can be melted down and forged into any useful object.\nFor the most part, there will be plenty of weapons to find. If you neutralize zombie police officers, or soldiers, you can take their rifles and pistols off them.\nDistraction devices will be a big help, anything that makes noise to draw attention away. Even remote controlled cars or planes can be used.\n\n**MISSIONS/ SIDE OPS**\n\nThrough out the game there will be the main missions to progress the store line, as well as side missions that offer rewards. Similar to MGS 5, you can approach any missions any way you desire, methodically or violently. Every mission will also be replay-able, if there's one that is really enjoyable.\nRecruits can join you during missions, but run the risk of getting killed.\n\nTypes of side ops\n\nrescue missions: A radio transmission will come in (discovery of a radio will unlock these types of missions), a trapped group or person will request help. They could be boarded up in a house, stuck in a broken down vehicle, or stuck in a high rise building. In the event of a high rise building, you would have to start from the ground floor and work your way to the floor they are on, unless you have a helicopter and pilot available, then you can land or rappel onto the top and reach them quicker, avoiding all the zombies on the ground for. The reward for these missions would be the extra people you recruit into your base, adding skills. Usually at least one skilled person will be abled to be rescued, like a scientist, mechanic, pilot, engineer, etc...\n\nextermination: The sole purpose is to get rid of zombies in a particular area. Sniping from a helicopter (using gas resources), driving around in the box of a pick up truck, a group of you forming a circle, climbing up high and attracting zombies to you, any way you'd like. This can be its own side mission, or a part of a larger mission. The reward for this could be to open up areas for development, or boosting moral of the base, or just plain fun.\nBandits: rogue survivors that have either robbed or killed a member of your base will have to be hunted down and killed.\n\nShipment Escort : This will focus on getting vehicles with shipments from one destination to another.\n\n**REBUILDING SOCIETY**\n\nThe course of the game will take place over between a few years to a few decades. The main missions will progress this along. The more bases and resources you build, the more the world can return to a civilization.\n\n**Other ideas**\n\nEdit 2: Courteous of u/19Jacoby98 \n\n&gt; Running increases endurance.\n\n&gt; Higher dexterity allows a quick multiple zombie takedown\n\n&gt; Parkour for evasiveness. \n\n&gt; Aquire knowledgeable (blue prints) about certain makeshift items like homemade bombs and distractions\n\n&gt; Camoflauge clothing helps avoid detection. \n"
4xjdbe,Make a game like Sierra Space Quest using No Mans Sky technology,"Recently I miss the jokes, individual art style and fun in most games. Every game seems so serious. Maybe its just me ? Such game including MMO would be nice. Here a fan art project that took SQ to 3D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq024O5HNk8"
4xj3wm,Gta Vi idea.,If Rockstar make this happen i will be very happy! I want Gta Vi to have two characters. One of the characters is a cop and the other is a famous criminal. The story will be amazing. Imagine how the missions will be amazing and that you can choose if you want to the bad cop or good cop. It will be simply one of the most fun games. Also the cop is trying to find the criminal while the criminal is trying his best to not be found.
4xijzi,Building Simulator?,"Something that i would personally really like would be a game for designing and managing buildings kinda like a hybrid of planet coaster and project highrise. Being able to shape the inside, outside, and everything in between would make the architect in me very, very happy."
4xhw6b,Da vinci,[deleted]
4xhuq2,Help fleshing out a puzzle World of Goo-like idea,"I have an idea I want to pursue, but I'm thinking of trashing it because I'm not sure how to make it interesting.\n\nI want to make a World of Goo inspired game where you stack/connect things to create a path to the end of a level. E.g., let's say you want to use snakes to create an ultimate snake bridge to siege the badger castle.\n\nWhat kind of mechanics could be added to make this game more interesting or fun?"
4xg3ma,A platformer where you share the controls with a suicidal AI,"It's just like Mario, except Mario is seriously depressed and constantly trying to steer all his jumps into pits and hammers. The goal of the game is to force Mario to continue living a miserable and pointless existence and eventually trap himself into marriage with a soul-sucking vampire."
4xfkss,Caveman Survival Game,[deleted]
4xc7a8,A parlour-esque Agatha Christie style game where you play someone framed for murder.,"It's simple. A murderer has framed you and you are now facing the gallows. (This gives you slightly more motivation to win, if you're going to face the death penalty rather than just a long time in jail.) You have to convince the police and detectives and the people around you through clues and dialogue that you're actually innocent. Think An Inspector Calls meets L.A. Noire. "
4xb8b3,a game idea that will never happen,so this i game ive been thinking about making i dont know if anyone else would find this cool but i know i could spend days at a time playing this \nYou know what kind of game I want one where it takes place after the apocalypse and NO ZOMBIES no mutated creatures just people and u have to rebuild society and there are other camps u have to trade with and scavenge the land and deal with raiders and take care of ur people and u can get to know them marry them farm make weapons\nAnd u can go to war with other camps\nOr team up and make a government with voting and laws\nOr destroy all the other camps and just rule everything\nAnd eventually build up enough people to start rebuilding cities\nAnd have an army you control where you can plan attacks on other camps or builders who could fix up buildings\nAnd you'll have to find food so ur people don't starve\nOr medicine so they don't get sick and cause disease through out ur city\nAnd living in fear at any moment you could fall under attack and lose it all\nAnd I mean the map would have to be like all of LA\nlike a scale map\nIf I knew how to do anything but RPG Maker I would make this\nimagine sitting there dealing with the sick and BAM some other camp attacks and you gotta get all ur sick to safety\nlike you could setlle down have a family and then watch them die of sickness\nand get killed\nor you get sick in game and like can bearly do anything
4xa1bz,Need Idea for a Tycoon,"Hello, I am determined to actually finish my first game (I always get around 50% done before losing interest).\n\nI really think a tycoon game would be a good experience yet easy enough to do.\n\nI need a unique idea for a tycoon game (sort of like Tiny Tower or Smooth Operators)."
4x7a6c,Idea Request - Mobile game that involves live 1v1 or teamVteam.,[deleted]
4x3874,Heist run,"An infinite runner in which involves conducting heists while running from the cops. The game has multiple layers on parallax that the character can shift to at anytime through doorways or open areas. The layer in front of the player is semi transparent. \n\nThe setting could be cyberpunk with lots of boost areas, jump pads, and characters to interact with. \n\nThe game itself involves quick reactions to shift areas or interact with things, with multiple solutions and is very failure friendly\n\nControls\nSpace to interact\nUp to move to the next deeper layer, down to shift to the less deep layer. "
4x275q,A Telltale-style realistic war RPG where the focus is on the story and characters.,"I've played a lot of war games, particularly the ones from the early to mid 2000s: Company of Heroes, COD, Battlefield, The Saboteur, Brothers in Arms, Silent Hunter, Medal of Honour, Total War series, Red Orchestra 2, etc. And whilst I love them to bits, they are all really very much the same.\n\nThe majority of war games centre on warfare (hence the name). Either as a FPS or tactical control-your-army strategy game, the key focus is on the fighting and combat. A campaign storyline is in there - the early war games have especially good ones, but sadly the story focus began to take a back seat once online multiplayer combat really took a hold - but the main focus of the game and the progression of the storyline forward is through combative action. \n\nWhich brings me to my idea. My idea is for a role-playing game set in a war, where the focus isn't on the fighting or battles, but of the characters, psychology, and experiences of an ordinary soldier (or civilian, nurse, etc) during war. Because although this is explored in the stories of other games, their main focus and ""fun"" is through the shooting 'em up action of it - not the deep characterisation, story-telling or dialogue. \n\nI've played games like Valiant Hearts, The Banner Saga and This War of Mine, and although all of them are very good, none manage to grasp quite what I'm trying to channel. Valiant Hearts, although they tried to address the sadness and futility of war, felt a little light hearted with the action gameplay sequences and it felt like I was playing just another platformer. This War of Mine was excellent in absorbing you into the situation, but the real lack of storyline or dialogue options made it feel a little empty once you'd played it for a while. The Banner Saga was the best out of all three, but for all it's greatness and beauty it still missed a little something. \n\nI've also played a lot of Telltale style games, and I LOVED The Walking Dead and Game of Thrones one. (Even though the latter really disappointed in terms of storyline towards the end.) They're really more of interactive fiction games, because the actions you need to do to advance the story aren't particularly challenging and they flow with the dialogue and story. So, what if a game was to be made - like a Telltale game - set in war periods?\n\nAnd again, I must make the distinction that I do NOT want just another first person shooter or tactical battle game. Personally at the moment I tend to find myself drawn to games where I feel I can just watch it like a film, or where the action involved isn't full paced every single second. The Sherlock Holmes series of games had excellent pacing.\n\nI know I've rambled, but to condense all this into the important stuff, this is my loose idea, or what I would like to see:\n\n1. The main focus is the story. Any gameplay elements are purely only to advance the story. Gameplay isn't constant and cutscenes take up most of the ""battle"" or ""war"" action. Personally I find that this makes you feel more absorbed into the action. It also makes it feel more streamlined, in the sense that when you constantly have to restart levels because you died it takes you out of the immersive experience and makes it feel like a ""game"". Having the action scenes done as cutscenes shifts the focus onto the interplay of the characters and makes it feel more real.\n\n2. Emphasis on dialogue/character interaction. Like Telltale games, the main focus of the gameplay is selecting what the characters should say or do. Dialogue can have affects on situations and the way that characters interact with one another. Or, if the idea of having dialogue focus puts you off, anything which isn't total gung-ho bullets and bombs every five minutes. That's what made the early war games boring. Some episodes of The Walking Dead has very little action but were still incredibly captivating simply because of the writing and the few actions the player had to perform.\n\n3. Suitable setting. I don't mind which era of time it is set in - I love history. But I want to see something new. Something different. Oh, a game set in Second World War Europe, where you play as the Allies? Groundbreaking. When was the last time we played a game set in Gallipoli? OR the First World War Trenches? Or the enemy? Silent Hunter is one of the few games I can remember where you play as the Nazis. Red Orchestra 2 was great for focusing on the Eastern Front. But how about an RPG set in Nazi Germany, switching from a frontline soldier to flashbacks of life in Nazi Germany in the 30s? Wouldn't that be interesting?\n\n4. Graphics. Personally I like to see models and such. (I'm not sure of the correct name.) Platformers and pixellated graphics have never really made me feel ""within"" the game. Graphics like L.A. Noir would obviously be too advanced for small teams, but even independent teams are able to create 3-d models and cutscenes. (See Raven: Legacy of a Master Thief or the Sherlock Holmes series.)\n\nThat's all I can splurge out for now. I'll probably remember other details at a later point.\n\nEDIT: if any devs are interested in the idea, then I'd love to be able to help out with the writing or story."
4x1krk,Overwatch/TF2 style shooter,"The working title is Glitch. The game library of a rather well versed individual has scrambled itself into a mess of fun and chaos. Each character's HUD and art style is different depending on the game they are from. There are three divisions of classes with three in each one.\n\nThe Assault division gets:\n\nBreacher: A high speed low drag Task Force 99 agent from the game Combat Duty: Spectre. His main weapon, the Assault Rifle, has a moderate fire rate and recoil. His secondary, the Machine Pistol has a high fire rate and is meant for close quarters. His special gadget is the Frag Grenade, a cookable explosive. His special ability is ""Air Strike"" which calls in three fighter jets to bomb a position that Breacher marks. (Speed: Slow, Health: High)\n\nYuki: A cute anime girl from the game Ultra Fast Fusion Fighter: Mega Deluxe Edition. her main weapon is the Kawaii Cannon, a grenade launcher in the shape of an anime style cat. Her secondary is the Nine Tails, a fast hitting melee attack that can pull enemies in. Her special gadget is the Love Bomb, which causes enemies to stand still mesmerized for a few seconds. Her special ability is Tsundere, which causes her to bear her nails and spin around in circles for AoE damage within a close distance. (Speed: High, Health: Low)\n\nRocket: A rapid moving space marine from the arena shooter ""Killhouse Reborn"", Rocket has two very potent weapons: the Launcher, a two shot rocket launcher, and the Shotgun: a pump action close quarters machine. His special gadget is the Plasma Charge, a sticky explosive detonated with a button. His special ability, the Railgun, allows him to get one shot kills with ease. (Speed: Medium, Health: Medium)\n\nSupport:\n\nSurvivor: Coming from the early access game ""Crashed: Flight 40 Stories"", the Survivor appears to be wearing nothing but brown underwear. The Repeating Crossbow is his primary, able to shoot poison arrows at enemies. His secondary is the Flare Gun, a single shot weapon which lights enemies on fire. His gadget is the Raw Meat, which can be eaten for more health or dropped for other team mates. His special ability is the Tamed Wolf, which spawns in and begins to attack the enemy team. (Health: Medium, Speed: High)\n\nJack: The pixelated miner from the beloved game Imagiminer, Jack wears diamond encrusted armor and wields two trusty weapons: his primary, the Magic Bow, which can shoot automatically due to a spell, and the Pickaxe, which can do heavy damage up close. His special gadget is the Stone Block, which allows him to set up walls and chokepoints. His special ability, the XP Booster Potion, grants two teammates their special abilities instantly.\n\nChristina: The main protagonist of the horror game ""Cold Sweat,"" journalist Christina knows her way around tricky situations with her constantly on camera. Her primary is the Revolver, a high powered, high recoil handgun. Her secondary is the Flashlight, a blinding melee weapon. Her special gadget is the Adrenaline Boost, which allows her or her teammates to run at high speeds. Her special ability is the Beast, a demonic entity which overtakes Christina and allows her to soak up damage. (Health: Low, Speed: High)\n\n\nDefense: \n\nCommander Dawson: The female choice for leader in the RTS game ""First Contact"", Dawson carries the scoped Gauss Rifle, a single shot sniping machine. Her secondary is the Alien Pistol, a bio-organic acid shooting weapon which can lock off choke points. Her special gadget is the Scanner Grenade, which can very briefly spot enemies through walls. Her special ability is the Full Squad, which calls in a team of lethal, if highly fragile Earth Defense Commandos. (Health: High, Speed Low)\n\nSlayer: The Slayer comes from the zombie game ""Dead by Dawn II: Dead Drops"" and is a grizzled survivor. His primary is the Hunting Rifle, a semi auto sporting rifle with high damage. His secondary is the Machete, which can cut through foliage and other such environmental obstacles as well as enemies. His gadget is the Molotov, a bottle filled with kerosene and wishes. His special ability, the Sunshine and Lollipops, are dual magnum pistols with a high damage per second. (Health: High, Speed: Medium)\n\nThe Watcher: A superhero seen in the game ""The Battle for Colossus City"", the Watcher is quite effective with his weapons. His primary is the Arc Gun, an electricity spewing gadget turned up to eleven. His secondary, the Stun Gun, fires high velocity rubber bullets. His gadget, the Grappling Hook allows him to get to places no one else can truly get to. His ability, Sector Sweep has him drop a wide radius smoke grenade and go into ""Watcher Mode"", which allows him to see through it. (Health: Medium, Speed: Medium)\n\nI will update this soon, as this idea just sort of came to me out of nowhere. Maps and modes at least."
4x0pb0,Evolution simulating pet battler.,"General purpose of the game: \n\nTo create the strongest pet and defeat your opponents in pet fights. Think Pokemon but with creatures that you might find in spore, but with more diversity and less control over how your pets change.\n\nThe primary gameplay will involve raising your own ""pet"". You will do things such as bath and feed your pets. Each pet will be born unique and have different base stats.\n\nPets that are bred from different species will gain aspects from both parents, however each species will have certain aspects more dominant than others. \n\nExample: A father who has very dominant genetics that create wings has a higher chance of passing that gene on to an offspring. \n\nOr\n\nA father that is carnivorous and a mother that is a herbivore may have different values for their food preference and there may be a higher chance of passing on the gene that makes a pet carnivorous.\n\nPets that are born will have different starting values as well as a (mostly) unique anatomy. When a pet is born there will be a chance of a random mutation.\n\nExample: A person has bred hundreds of pig like animals, each one has a chance of being born different. One 'pig' may have horns, another one may have been born a carnivore, or maybe one pig is born with a longer body.\n\nMaybe the player wants to raise pets with a longer body and may keep breeding the longer pigs until eventually the player ends up with a long snake like pig.\n\nDepending on how the pet is raised, their battle prowess and ai may change. A pet that is raised fighting for its life against carnivorous enemies would end up much stronger.\n\nA pet that never fought before may not fight back at an enemy at all, even if it's inherently stronger than its foe.\n\nThere will be a wilderness where players can release pets into the wild. The wild pets would end up fighting each other until eventually the wilderness is full of the strongest foes. \n\nProbably would be a good idea to have different zones in case one area becomes too powerful and unable to enter.\n\nFinally there will be the battles. Players would not have much control over their pets in a battle. The battle would depend on the pet's innate stat values as well as the stats they honed as they were raise. Their AI would depend on the way they were raised. \n\nIf this game were to be designed to be played long term than there should be a fixed amount of time its takes for a year to pass. Or more. Different species should be able to sire different amounts of offspring, as well as have different incubation periods.\n\nOr another possibility would be a fast forward function, however if that were in place, then the chances or random mutations and the rate that certain genetics change over time should be reduced.\n\nSo to sum it up.\n\nRaise a pet. Make it hunt. Feed it. Breed it. \nDiscover random mutations. Breed it some more. Incest. \nCreate the ultimate lifeform. Develop rigorous training methods.\nPit your pets against others in cockfights.\nBecome the ~~Pokemon~~ the greatest pet breeder/trainer. "
4x0nwe,Finally took time off work to create my game idea! (from knowing nothing),"I wish I could say that before starting my game I knew at least a smidgen of game design or even the the basics of 3D modeling but unfortunately I can't. It's been a month or so since the day I quit my job and I've just barely cracked the surface on bringing my thoughts to reality. I've been spending alot of time, 8+ hours a day learning everything I can about Unity and Blender but luckily I've had 80% of my games concept on paper. I'm really happy it's finally taking shape! It's incredible to see your dream take flight, it really opens up how you view your outside life.\n\nThe game is called ""STOP THEM!"" it's a single player 3D (top down view) tower defense RPG that focuses on upgrading civilians with certain abilities while allowing you to level up as well.  It rewards you with trait coins as well which are the currency that can be used to upgrade the towns defense, the civilians abilities and weapons. I want to create a different currency type system that can only level up certain attributes of the civilians as well but that's just a second thought at the moment! \n\nLogo: http://imgur.com/a/5AXNM\n\nRight now I wish I could show more of the game, I've got so much more to work on, right now I've been working on the town and the AI of the civilians but I promise they'll be a beta within 6-8 months! If you can wait that long :b\n\nCheers! "
4wzvo5,Invasion of a New World,"I scribbled this down today at work and got excited and proud enough of the idea to post it here in the slim hope someone can pull it off. \n\nDifficulty level if I had to guess would be a 4 or 5 out of 10, 10 being Crysis, 1 being Country Justice Revenge. The hardest part being making it 100% player driven and building effective AI since you can be killed while offline.\n\nAnyways hope you guys like it, excited to hear feedback. I've never done this before.\n\n**Name:** Invasion of a New World\n\n**Concept Overview:**\n\n* Faction based warfare for control of land, religious relics, and ancient artifacts. Entire population is player created with permadeath, but become NPC's when not logged in, with a cap on how many characters you can have per account to prevent people from raising their own armies, but allowing them to explore the deep character progression planned and have a tool for every problem.\n\n**Plot:**\n\nNo written story planned or really necessary due to format\n\n**Setting:**\n\nAny setting could be used, I was toying with the idea of colonists invading tribes similar to the pilgrims and the native americans, but with some of those tribes being different mythical races. As well as some other strange mechanics I came up with today.\n\n**Characters Creation**\n\nThis is where I went a bit silly, but it's also my favorite part. Please try to stay with me here, it's a bit too convoluted for a simple explanation. \n\nYour first character is the tutorial, you learn some baseline knowledge about the game and get to know the factions, once you choose a faction you are locked into that faction, you can only switch factions if all your characters are dead. Characters cannot be deleted they have to die in game then are automatically deleted.\n\nOnce you've selected a faction, you will spawn in a couple different ways. If a someone is pregnant within your faction, you will be born within faction walls and will assume the families last name but will keep your selected first. If there is no such couple, you spawn in the wild a hefty distance from friendly territory, but can choose your full name and have no family within the faction, meaning you could build up your own family name but you have no choice over your birthright. Family name doesn't interact with any other mechanics really (maybe positive and negative perks for fighting with or against family members, or when a family member dies), but spreading your name is like getting your name in the 1st position on an arcade machine, just another way to dominate.\n\nDuring player creation you will pick your race (which is dictated by faction, except in the case of Legends, which I will get to later), your class, and your appearance. Size is linked to strength. Head size is linked to intelligence. Height and weight is attached to guile (dexterity). Stats are only earned by progressing in the game, you will spawn with the base stats for your race and class. I want there to be a lot of classes, but I also want it to be balanced, so here's what I've got.\n\nBasic classes of fighter, mage, sneak. But there are also positive and negative classes you can be born into or punished/rewarded with later. For negative classes there is the peasants, the cursed and the enslaved, for positive classes there are Commanders, Planners, and Legends. Each of these classes has several subclasses, some are simply stylistic variations of the class, some are essentially a multiclass. I'll do my best to be brief with explanations of the more complicated classes and subclasses. ""Trained"" and ""Untrained"" variations lead to different gear appearance, and different available skills. \n\nFighter - Front line fighter, essential in a close quarters fight. Trained and untrained variations lead to different gear appearance, and different available skills. Great in a fight but that's about it.\n\nMage - Borderline useless in a fight. Extremely squishy in close quarters combat. They will be spending the fight avoiding death and only helping when they are very well protected (like when on home turf or in a large travelling group). They will have to travel with soldiers and expose themselves to danger to gather ingredients for their much more useful spells, which are done out of combat. Their 'real' spells take a long time to cast, often require multiple mages, and have devastating effects. These range from summoning Ancients (I'll come back to this later), cursing players (I'll come back to this later), finding locations of powerful artifacts or relics, or maybe crashing an asteroid into enemy turf, or predicting someone else's spell that may be targeted at you, this all depends on what sort of mage you are.\n\nSneak - In combat he uses stealth to get behind the enemy to exploit weakness or set up a friendly player with an advantage. Out of combat he can use stealth get behind enemy lines to steal artifacts or relics, or assassinate high value targets at the risk of being enslaved or cursed.\n\nSlave - Can be enslaved under certain conditions, but can also be born into slavery if a pregnant member of your faction is enslaved. You can lose your slave tag once the sentence has been served or you escape. If you are born into slavery you have to escape or live as a slave. Slaves will be concubines for conquerors, low skill workers, and servants. Slaves can become spies for their faction if a method of communication is established. They don't fight unless an escape is planned with other slaves of the same faction or part of a commanders formation. Pretty much you'd play a different character until an escape can be planned with other members or your sentence is served. \n\nLegend - One of the more complicated classes. Part of your end game goal is to establish a legend. When your character completes a deed (complete a battle, cast a complex mage spell, steal a relic, etc..) you have the option to attribute that deed to your legend at the cost of losing that XP along with all credit that comes with that deed. You cannot start crediting a Legend unless all your character slots are full, and you can only become a legend to replace a dead character. Basically you are banking xp like a savings account for a future character, but Legends have no race or class restrictions, have different gear appearances, and can swap one of their skill slots for a more powerful Legend skill. You can only have one Legend at a time (there are very extreme and costly ways around this), and if you are cursed when you die, you will be forced to spawn as a cursed one and your legend's soul is up for grabs by the ancients. \n\nCursed - Mages can cast powerful curses, that when a certain criteria are met, curses the character that triggered it. Cursed spawn as animals within their faction, different animals can perform different tasks but just like slavery you are better off logging off until you die from natural causes or have a faction mage lift the curse.\n\nAncients - Ancients are a somewhat neutral/FFA temporary faction. Mages can summon them for a battle and they are the toughest fight in the game. They can also only raid factions that have accumulated too many artifacts (they aren't interested in religious relics). Their goal as a faction is to horde artifacts to increase their population (also requires a cursed players legend soul), the ancient that retrieves the artifact can reserve a spot for a faction member, the more faction members you have that are Ancients, the better you can plan to steal them for your faction. If the ancient population gets out of hand they are no longer landlocked and can attack any faction at any time (and since they are controlled by all factions this is bad for everyone except whoever has the most ancients). Most artifacts will be stolen or wrestled from the Ancients. Since you cannot bank xp for a legend if you already have a legend, you instead have the choice to spawn as an Ancient if you die as a legend. But this choice will only be offered to you if they are below their current population cap. Ancients can't attack each other but whichever faction has the most ancients will have the most control over the game world.\n\nCommanders - There are many degrees of commander, and that is dictated by his subclass, the highest being the ruler of the faction. They do not fight themselves but command slaves using battle formations instead. Slaves will most likely be logged out, but if they log in and find themselves in battle they can break formation and earn some experience, but slaves that dissent may be punished if they are suspected of trying negatively impact the battle. The commander levels up his slaves as he levels as they are his sword and board. They can also serve as tacticians to suggest strategy, either in combat or out. Commanders are XP factories, you make impactful decisions for your faction and you rake in xp to put towards yourself or your legend by exploiting slave labor and concubines.\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n\nThis is the least fleshed out part, but here's what I have imagined.\n\nHuge map separated by sectors (think Stardew Valley). Factions fighting for control of each sector, some would be more desirable than others for religious relics which provide a positive or negative faction perk, strategic location, ingredient locations or maybe its just a shitty dangerous zone that no one wants. You have to conquer adjoining sectors, and if you lose a sector and that cuts off a connection to adjoining controlled sectors, those sectors are lost too, so conquering in a straight line to their base isn't happening. In fact getting to their main base should be *almost* impossible outside of a sneak getting in to steal or assassinate, or a very powerful spell. Travelling from one faction to another might mean travelling from one server to another, a server for each faction, if the load needs to be balanced a bit. But this allows every player to be playing in the same world. If one or more of your characters ends up in a battle you can control all of them, which means you can potentially party with yourself and do some exploring. I'm not sure what should happen if a faction is conquered, maybe a reset after there is only one faction left, but i'd rather it all was persistent.\n\nCombat would be team turn based, Final Fantasy Tactics style. The whole team selects their actions during their timed turn, then the other team goes. The tactician can suggest strategy during the enemies turn, and the players can choose to listen or ignore that advice, though there are upsides and downsides to listening or dissenting, like if you dissent and it pays off enough, you may be able to take the commanders position and class while he is demoted, or if you listen and it pays off you may get an xp boost or new gear. \n\nPermadeath makes travelling very risky but it's still very necessary. Travelling with only soldiers would mean you are much more susceptible to ambush from sneaks, or spells that will give away your position or other drawbacks. Travelling with only mages means your whole party will likely die if confronted although you can use spells to avoid confrontation altogether if you're ballsy. Travelling with only sneaks would be wise but they are squishy too, if their ability to sneak is disabled your whole party might be wiped. You need a well rounded group to travel, using spells for visions of what's happening in other sectors, setting up ambush points or traps with your sneaks, formations around your mages with your soldiers and doing most of the killing and defending other players.\n\n\nItemization would be RNG with simple D&amp;D rules, +1 to stab, that sort of thing. But something along the lines of Diablo 2 or Path of Exile would be preferable. Balance shouldn't be too much of a concern as all classes would be needed and some would be needed in higher quantity than others. I'd only be concerned with making restricted races too under/over powered.\n\n**Possible Platforms:**\n\nCould only be PC\n\n\n\n**How To Credit Me:**\n\nPM me "
4wzefy,MOBA character creation,"Lots of people think it is impossible to make a MOBA with character creation due to balancing problems and such. I came up with an idea to make it 100% balanced and fair. In-game character creation. Instead of designing your character loadout and giving them free abilities you don't exactly create your character but build him/her in-game. Before the match players get to customize their hero's, choosing gender, race (orc, elf human, etc), and body build. 5v5, no lanes, island, survival, exploration, war. Gather resources, craft weapons and armour, construct walls and towers. I have more details, but i think this is enough. :)"
4wyiyr,Terminator Open-World/Survival Game,"Just a thought I had while waiting for something. Have the protagonist be an Infiltrator, which can either side with the machines/resistance, or just go neutral. Either side (aside from neutral) offers its perks/support/endgames. Maybe, if you get really injured during combat, you have to have your skin regrafted to your body so you won't get shot on sight by the resistance. \n\nI don't know too much about the entire story with Terminator, though, so.. thoughts?"
4wyh5d,Realistic Multiplayer sports game of which players take the role of individual players in the game.,"Really any sport. But likely it'd have to be smaller scale. Like 6-man American football, or indoor soccer.\n\nRugby 7's would be the one I'd choose if I had to pick one.\n\nI argue it'd have to be in 3rd person to work.\n\nHas this been tried?"
4wyb4w,Assassins Creed Civil War Idea,"I know this is already an idea that they abandoned but I think I am going a different direction. So here's the basics:\nYou start as a man sold into slavery with his family and are separated as they have all been purchased by different owners and your goal is to basically reconnect with them, but you get caught up in the Assassin/Templar war. Once you are back at your new owners estate it is attacked by an assassin because he is a Templar and has knowledge of a piece of Eden. You help the assassin in some way and he decides to take you under his tutelage. You could even do a huge plot twist here and have the assassin be John Wilkes Booth, who turns later or something.\n Some other game aspects would be the idea of territory like in syndicate. Say you are in South Carolina or something to start and you are playing all along the East coast and as you progress you start liberating states or territories so you can now walk around without being hassled, where as if you were to walk around in a territory that still allowed slavery, you would be hunted automatically because you are black. Like being in a restricted area at all time. Unless you wear a costume or something.\n\nAnother feature I would like to see is bring back ships and have the character disrupt supply lines for confedeates and also run slaves north.\n\nIt is important to make sure that the Templars are not all confederates or union but a bit of both. I think it would be cool to also see Templars and assassins switching sides in this game, Templars coming over to assassins and assisting and the other way around, that's how you make John Booth the assassin at the beginning.\n\nPlease let me know what you think, obviously it's really vague but im more of a big picture idea guy than small detail"
4wwg62,tower defense game idea feedbacks and advices,"Hi all, with a couple of friends we started developing a mobile game. We are just asking for your feedbacks/advices.\n\nIt's set in a pirate world, it's mainly a tower defense where the tower (a pirate ship) is moving instead of the enemies. \n\nOur pirate ship is pushed by an abnormal wind through a river and it gets attacked by enemies staying on both of the river sides. Enemies are spawned in waves and your goal is to reach the end of the level. You can recluit new units to carry on the ship (with different roles) and there are also upgrades you can do to the ship (ex: side cannons).\n\nThe levels and their enemies will be very different from each other, they will tell the story about our pirates odyssey. The ship will sail from the ocean through the river, encounter canyons with indians and jungles with dinosaurs, travel on a alien planet, it will come back in the future, fall into the deep with ghosts and monsters and finally get back to the ocean. \n"
4ww0pu,Tycoon-style RPG Town,"You're not the hero, your goal is to attract heroes to your town. Start with small quest boards and a little tavern and build blacksmiths, mage shops, etc, to generate more revenue for your town to make it bigger and better and attract stronger heroes. "
4wvbpk,Black Friday Simulator,"For the past few weeks i've been tinkering around with the idea of a black friday simultor. Where up to 4 online players aswell as NPC shopper battle out inside a shopping centre for items scateered around the map.\n\nPlayers can attack others by throwing items at each other, punching and hitting each other with trollies. The player will be given a shopping list at the start of the round with item names such as ""Toy Bear"" or ""Cardboard Box"". The player will then have to collect these items whilst fighting off other shoppers  collect their item.\n\nThe game will be round based, with each round lasting 2-3 mins (depending on number of players and game settings). It is more of a party arcade game for a few friends to mess about in.\n\nTell me what you think and how the game could be improved to increase gameplay or fun factor\n\nBen"
4wuh0k,RPG that takes place inside a Desktop system,"just a random idea that i came up with ages ago, basically the plot takes place inside the PC, where the story focuses on a generic ""work in progress game"" RPGmaker game, there the Protagonist is fighting the Demon Lord which is the final boss on the final area of the RPGmaker game before they clash, a voice messenger program Skype (pls dont sue) barges in and warns them because Skype heard the user that he will uninstall the whole RPGmaker cuz he's not good and bored with it.\n\nso the Protagonist, Demon Lord, Skype team up and find a way to communicate with the user and explore the system, fighting off Viruses, Corrupted Files, and saved images of awful memes... recruit other programs to help them through their journey... visiting places like the User's Thesis Folder (by ruining his thesis and replaced it with their message on not uninstalling us) and i dunno maybe visiting the hidden NSFW folder (which everything is mosaic)"
4wtk3w,Which Idea is better,"A Open World Medieval Stealth Game.\nDungeons\nBosses\nDragons\nOther Mythical Creatures\nSneak through or Past or Into Castle/Village/Animal/Mythical Creatures\nClose quarters battle options\nA Modernish Spyish Military Controlled Cities.\nGuns\nTemporary wall climbing Via suction cups hands or something\nA grapple hook on the belt to scale buildings\nLots of interiors\nClose quarters battle options\nWindow cutters.\nIntense enemy escapes meaning you need to use roofs, buildings, and roofs to get away.\nAnd more ideas that I'm to lazy to write.\nWhich one of these ideas do you like more.\nI put more detail into the military one but the medieval one is pretty cool."
4wsdb7,maze 3d first person,"Currently I am devoleping a maze game ... Finished the maze ( basic maze one exit ) , Finished the controls and the player ( no gravity spaceman like ), finished the objective , to find the exit the maze before timer and collect resources like coins.\nAnyway I need to implement more into the maze , like cameras or ai that detect you ... An enemy, what ever you like to tell me to do I will surely consider it.\nI am thinking to make a lot of levels with different mazes and difficulties. \nTell me what you guys will make the game more intersted and special, not boring.\n\nEdit:\nIt's adventure like game, wonder aroudn solving the maze."
4ws818,A burglary game inspired by the cat burglar missions in San Andreas,"Take the cat burglar missions from GTA:SA and expand upon them. Start out robbing houses in bad neighborhoods that don't have security systems. Gank things like flat TV's laptops, jewelry, guns, etc. Demand for different items varies so store your loot in a warehouse until the demand for your goods are high enough. Save up some cash and buy equipment to make your life easier and allow you to rob better places. Lockpicks, disguises, hacking tablets, glass cutters, tasers (just in case) would all become part of your arsenal as you commit increasingly more high profile capers and cash in on better and better loot!"
4wrdc0,[request] Mobile game mechanic for a RPG combat-based minigame,"I'm working on a mobile RPG and I'm having difficulty coming up with a good mechanic to use for the combat. I'm thinking of something along the lines of how PokemonGo rebranded the [""Paper Toss""](http://i.i.cbsi.com/cnwk.1d/i/tim/2011/11/21/fmimg8563043198317605071.ss-1-) mobile game for their pokeball throwing.\n\nOne idea I've been considering would be an 'angry bird' style of game where you're shooting each other with bow &amp; arrows opposed to shooting birds.\n\nAny ideas?"
4wr3ax,1v1 Counter Sniper,[deleted]
4wqmgd,Murder Mystery Game,"So I was interested in finding a good murder mystery game online, but when I searched to find one, nothing came up. The closest thing I could find to the style of MMG I was looking for was ""The Ship"" which is a murder *party* which was not what I wanted.\n\nI took the liberty in writing down my idea for an MMG.\n\nSo, in each lobby there would be 10 players or so (Bots - maybe?). 8 of these players would be innocents, 1 murderer, and 1 sheriff. Pretty typical. \n\nQuick play would take 2-5 minutes\n\nRegular mode would take 10+ minutes.\n\n_MURDERER_:\nThe murderer (chosen at random, and anonymously) would start with a knife. In quick play mode, the murderer would need to kill all the other players in 2-5 minutes, before getting shot by the sheriff. In regular mode, The murderer would need to think strategically, and try not to be found out, for, the innocents team get 1 chance to guess who he is as long as over 5 innocents are still alive. In this mode, he can still get shot.\n\n_SHERIFF_:\nThe sheriff starts with a gun. When he dies, he drops his gun for anyone to pick it up (Except for the murderer). He needs to kill the murderer. If he shoots an innocent, they both die. The sheriff should remain anonymous though, since if the murderer kills him, it would be hard for innocents to win.\n\n_INNOCENTS_:\nIn quick play mode, the innocents start with nothing. They have to run from the murderer, and try to figure out who the sheriff is. Occasionally they get to shine by picking up the sheriff's gun, and shooting the murderer. If they do manage to do that, they get to be murderer next round (All names are scrambled so that no one knows who's who). In regular mode, they start with a map/gps. This device updates every 15-30 seconds, saying where the murderer was 15-30 seconds ago. If the murderer was within a certain radius, It just says ""ERROR"", and that innocent gets scared. They get 1 chance to make a vote on who the murderer is, if they get it right the murderer is exposed, and the sheriff gets into action. If they guess the wrong, the identity of that player is revealed in chat. So if they accidentally guess the sheriff, the murderer knows who to target. \n\n_LOBBY_:\nIn the lobby (before and after each game), you will have a shop to buy items from with the money you gained from the last rounds. With this money, you can buy crates (Yes, like CS-GO). In these crates, there will be knife, map, and gun skins. You can buy mixed crates with all kinds of skins, or you can buy separate crates with specific skins (E.g: Uncommon Knife Crate). There will be tiers for each item: Common, Uncommon, Rare, Ultimate, Legendary, and Un-Tiered. The higher the skins in the box are, the more the box costs. You can also trade skins to other people, or refund them for half the price of the crate. The map for next round is voted on, and you can pick to go in a quick play or regular mode lobby.\n\nThanks for reading all that! Tell me what you think about this, and if there is already a game similar to what I just wrote. If you want to try to develop this game, go ahead."
4wq1m9,Randomly Generated Game Concepts!,"I have devised a rather silly (but nevertheless interesting) way to generate game concepts! It will require a six-sided die and a twelve-sided die. Roll for one Archetype and two additional Extra Mechanics/Game Elements, then attempt to combine those three things into something novel and playable!\n\n____\n\n**Archetype (D6)**\n\n1. First Person Shooter\n2. 2D Sidescroller\n3. Top-Down Real-Time Brawler/Twin-Stick Shooter\n4. Top-Down Real-Time Strategy/Basebuilding\n5. Top-Down Turn-Based Strategy/Basebuilding\n6. Card Game\n\n**Extra Mechanics/Game Elements (Roll for Two) (D12)**\n\n1. Permadeath with between-game upgrade system.\n2. Randomly generated levels/enemies/opponents.\n3. Combo-multiplier system for XP/score/gold/equivalent.\n4. Mouse-Only/Keyboard-Only, can be easily played with one hand.\n5. Boss Rush\n6. Multiple, competing enemy factions/AI players, hostile to one another. Must interact with one another as well as with the player.\n7. Zero-sum system - all players/units/entities start with the same quantity of health/resources/equivalent, and gain more by removing it from others. No other source is available.\n8. Player power/abilities increase as health/resources/equivalent decrease.\n9. Extremely limited resources/ammo.\n10. Game must include some element of deception or disguise as a major mechanic. The game must involve hidden information.\n11. Bonus! Roll for another mechanic/game element, and then invert it as creatively as you can!\n12. Bonus! Roll an additional archetype, and attempt to create a hybrid genre!\n\n____\n\nIf this idea inspires you, please write a quick design concept in the comments for a game generated using this system! Alternatively, suggest additional archetypes or mechanics/game elements to add to the list!"
4wodrz,3D First person/third person Shooter/Tower defense,"Okay, essentially it would start out with the two teams being split in half, the defending towers or attacking troops, defenders choose the towers they want to play as (ex, Sniper tower, missile launcher, freeze mortar, etc) and choose a spot to place their tower, *not beyond a certain point as to make sure they can't spawn kill the attacking troops.*\n•===•\nThen the attack in troops choose from a range of characters, (ex, healer, tank guy, RPG launcher, basic rifle guy, and then descends into the more fantasy stuff, Knight, Warhammer dude, archer, etc) and they spawn on the beach of the battlefield, there is natural cover in the way of trees and boulders (but not to many) and each character has a single ability, along with towers, that allow them to diversify. Once an attacker or defender dies they do not respawn, attackers win by killing all the towers and the towers win by killing all the attackers\n\n&gt;I'll be honest it does sound like a boom beach type game. But I would have fun playing it. "
4wo740,My idea for a disease containment MMO.,"Right, so you know how in zombie/disease movies almost always have national guard and the CDC coordinating to try and stop the virus. Imagine a large scale multiplayer game where people played as them and civilians. It will also have different time frames meaning when a round starts [Rounds will take a long time and likely last several days] There will just be local cops and emergency services plus hospital staff. Then later on Federal Law Enforcement then the national guard and the CDC and etc. There will be a government made of up admins or trusted players that can make decisions and kick players from their jobs.\n\nThe disease will for the sake of simplicity be spread by proximity and can be negated by wearing protective equipment. Infected players will know by reduced movement speed and reddish-vision followed by death. Dead players may be able to respawn as emergency services if they were civilians or if they are emergency services respawn as a civilian.\n\nThe CDC will appear in the late game and can research by taking the blood of infected people or corpses and putting in a helicopter. [Which will fly off map and despawn.] \n\nMedical services like the CDC or early game hospital staff have a chance to make infected recover and give them immunity.\n\nThe national guard or early game police [With the police having less power] Can do things like isolating the infected blocking off roads and making quarantine camps. And also stop riots and looting.\n\nThe civilians will be the largest faction and will basically prepare for the outbreak by buying guns food masks etc.\n\nAt the end game if the government loses and almost all of the city is infected players will have to make one of two choices by popular vote. Either the government will nuke the city and move on to an another round or all emergency services will be moved to a ""Death Squad"" And exterminate all surviving civilians. When all survivors die a new round will begin.\n\n\n\n"
4wnvr8,Tower defence with a twist,"Most tower defence games offer a small map, so I thought long and hard for what would make a good tower defence game, and remember this flash game I played long ago.\n\nSadly, I can't find it no matter how hard I try, but it was, essentially, a tower defence game with no paths, or places you can't build, etc.\n\nYou would create you're own path by placing you're turrets and walls in specific orders (but can't block a path to the base). I remember having lots of fun by building crazy paths, and would love to re-experience that.\n\nAll I ask is for you (the Dev) to let me know when it's done. Thanks for the time "
4yl8ac,[Indie Concept] New Terra (Name Pending),"I had a concept for a game, hence why I'm here for feedback. I've already told some of my friends and family about it, and they think it's a good idea, however I'd like to ask the connoisseurs for their input. Keep in mind that this is just an _IDEA_, and I might not go through with it if nobody else thinks it's good. (Also there will be no tl;dr so prepare yourself for having to actually read)\n\nNew Terra (Name Pending) is a Sci-Fi, Roguelike style of game with 16-bit graphics, in which you have to build a base on a planet and make yourself known as the guy in charge. In the beginning, if I do try and make the game, there will be only two routes to play; As a criminal gang lord wishing to profit off of the hard work and misery of others, or as an enforcer of justice who swears to protect the villages and cities of New Terra at any cost. The game takes place on a planet known as New Terra, after having fled our current Earth after we drained it of resources and ruined the other life living there. Collect resources and use them to build a base of operations, culminate an army of either criminals or law enforcers to do your bidding and wage war against the opposing faction (Or faction**s** later on in development (If I develop it that is)). The game will not have a set ending, that ending has to be made by you. You decide when you've beat the game, when you feel like you've done all you can. Performing actions changes faction standing. On New Terra, there are also alien species that don't like humans, and because of this, small towns and your base will sometimes be attacked by native creatures wanting you dead and gotten rid of. This game would only be available on PC, specifically on Steam.\n**Please don't take this idea, that'd be pretty rude.**\n\nSo yeah, thanks for reading I guess. Please leave some feedback and also tell me if there are any other games that have a similar idea to this. I'd rather not be unknowingly accused of idea theft :)"
4yl39c,Any beginner game will do,"I just need a beginner-stage game idea that **HASN'T** been done before (as in not a Pong/Breakout clone, I've made those before), and preferably a platformer or endless runner (I'm good at making those)."
4ykipy,Good Name for a Cat-Based Platformer?,"Hey, I was making a little platformer game using Python and PyGame. It's kind of like Mario but with a cat. I can't decide what to name this game, SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME! My ideas were Cat Mario, [Cat's Name] the Cat, and CatFormer, any more ideas?\n"
4yjbgt,A DC superheroes game,"Kinda like Marvel ultimate alliance but with DC superheroes like Batman, superman, wonder woman, green lantern, the flash and many more. Have it have a expansive plot were the Heroes  face off against Darksied and other villans from DC comics.\n\nIt will have a time travel mechanic.\n\nHave it be set on many locations like Oa, the phantom zone, a past kyrpton and apokolips.\n\nYou could level up their hero with different and unique powers and get the heroes original and classic costumes.  \n\nYou can even make your own custom super hero with their own unique powers, kinda like Lego star wars did.\n\nI hope you like my idea."
4yiv89,Final fantasy warriors!,"Dynasty warriors style Final fantasy! (like hyrule warriors).\n\nHave a wide variety Final fantasy heroes, villains and main characters. :O\n\nEach stage could be from a different FF game, you could have Midgar in there, Garden, Ultimecias mansion, inside Sin, calm lands, A ""gold saucer"" for keks, ""Somewhere"" from 9, The moon from 4. All sorts.\n\nCould have different factions types for the grunts like, Shinra soldiers, al bhed, yevon and youth league, random groups of different monster types. \n\nHave bosses like in HyW, summons and boss fights from diff FF games.\n\nCo-op with it would be great, but also, what if they added maybe a  moba arranged style online versus mode as well?\n\nBad idea? Probably been posted before, think i'd have a seizure if this happened haha."
4yidss,Anti-Horror Game with a Big Guy,"Hey there /r/gameideas !\n\nA few months ago i had this game idea. Personally, i don't really know if its good or not. My friends tell me it sounds stupid, but may get a lot of sales because of beeing that stupid.\n\n\n**What's it about**\n\nYou're playing a guy who's stuck in an Asylum for mentally ill people. And as you're probably already assuming, yes, there's pretty much shit going on. Unlike in other games, you're not playing some weak guy who needs to keep hiding from everyone and everything. You're actually a big and strong bully who can deal with what-so-ever. (With the body structure of ""The Rock"" or something...) The goal of the game is to travel through the asylum, solve upcoming puzzles, kick ass and eventually find your way out of this place.\n\n\n**How is the gameplay**\n\nSome of you may think of Outlast now, since it takes place in about the same kind of location. But in this game though, you're not running away or hiding from enemies. You fight them. Once in a while you have to solve puzzles that are getting difficult because you're playing such a big fatass. One puzzle i thought of was to open up a door using a keypad. The problem is, that your fingers are too big to hit one key at a time, so you're always pressing multiple keys at once. So you need the number for the keypad and you have to figure out which buttons to press in which order. \n\n\nActually, thats already it. I haven't been thinking much about this gameidea but i guess maybe it could be done. Anyway, there needs to be much more content. I would like to hear from you guys what you think and what could be added. And in case you find that this idea sounds stupid as well and shouldn't make its way to an actual game, tell me please. "
4yh10e,Multiplayer Harsh Handball in first person.,"**Name:** BruteBall, The Ball of the Death, Sack o' Balls (I don't really care about this tbh)\n\n**Concept Overview:**\nThis game idea is quite simple, a game of handball in first person but a bit more violent, as in football, rugby or roller derby.\n\n**Plot:**\n\nThis doesn't apply really. Maybe a competition match, as you can see in games like Rocket League.\n\n**Setting:**\n\nThe game would obviously take part in a near future, for there is no sport as that one. It also just came to my mind a Blood Bowl setting, but that'd be overly complicated due to copyright issues etcetera.\n\n**Characters:**\n\n* Tackler: It's strong, its hitbox is bigger than the others, has more stamina.\n\n* Runner: Runs faster, jumps higher (double jump?), has less stamina.\n\n* Goalkeeper: Can't leave the goalkeeper area, has normal stats but you can choose a passive ability which grants bonuses to your team as: after GK passes the ball, team speed increases, team's chance to get tackled reduce... the point is to make the goalkeeper interesting and fun to play.\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n\n* Health and Stamina system, if a player's health reaches 0 it will respawn in a few seconds. No Stamina means that you can't run nor tackle.\n\n* WASD movement, Mouse to move the camera, Shift to run, Ctrl to crouch and Space to jump. (You can crouch and jump while running, take as an example how this is done in Warframe but less ""ninjaish"")\n\n* Two modes, Attacking or Defending, obviously, the team that has the ball will attack, the others will defend, based on this the keys will have a different purpose. L-Click to pass, L-Click to receive (holding L-Click will make you run slower), if you have the ball, you can R-Click to just throw the ball anywhere (this is excellent, both for just passing the ball where 'nobody is to begin an attacking strategy' or to score, depending on the force applied to the ball, or even do some short of alley-oop).\nIf you are defending L-click to try and catch the ball, right click to tackle (obviously runners wouldn't tackle, maybe just throw a punch, ~2 or 3 will knock the other player down for ~2 sec).\n\n* Three different animations for tackling, Top, Torso and Low, depending on where you aim a different tackle will be made and a different key the Runner will have to press to avoid it (Ctrl for top, Torso will have a 50% chance, and crouch for lower tackles).\n\n* If passing seems difficult, a sign could be displayed as Blizzard did with Mercy's L-Shift ability (Overwatch), so you know who you're passing to.\n\n* To pass the ball you need to hold the click button for the right amount of time, the longer you hold it, the faster the ball will travel, and less chances the receiver will have to take it and viceversa.\n\n**Standout Features:**\n\n* Different characters, around 3 per role.\n\n* Character customization (as a reference: TF2's, Dota 2's or Loadout's).\n\n* Multiple scenarios.\n\n* Competitive gamemode. (3v3? 5v5? it depends how many playes it is needed to be fun)\n\n**Possible Platforms:**\n\n* I am thinking about PC, but I suppose it can be made for consoles too.\n\n**Extra Features:**\n\n* Character's faces can be expressive, look at Overwatch or Loadout.\n\n* Animations must be smooth, meaning that skeleton detection and animation flow must be nearly seamless.\n\n* The ball has to be bouncy for additional fun.\n\n* I don't really know what else to put here\n\n**How To Credit Me:**\n\nSend me a message if you do it first of all, and put me on the credits with a funny tittle: ""Lord and Savior: /u/hightax-"", if it's not funny enough I will sue you a thousand times.\n"
4ygkqh,An arena style first person shooter where you have to use heat vision to find your way to the enemies.,"Game could be multiplayer or singleplayer, but the main focus would be that you would have to play in heat vision, or ""predator-vision"" as it's sometimes referred to. I think it would be a really fun challenge, as well as really fun to find your way through the area as well as find the enemies, which would obviously be marked at red purple and yellow against the blue backdrop."
4ye9m6,[Request] The most generic video game storyline,
4ydku3,Can we make a good Multiplayer Open World Zombie Survival Game?,"Hey Reddit users!\n\nI've been working on ideas for a few months now trying to gather information and unique ideas to implement into a Zombie Survival game. I'm working as a solo indie dev to create this type of game. (Kind of like a DayZ type of style but, actually finished.. lol) I know there has been a lot of games in the zombie survival genre that has really saturated the market and it wasn't helping that they were all early access, never got finished and were pretty bad to say the least. I am creating this post so we can all come together and give our ideas on what we would like to see in a Multiplayer Zombie Survival game. \n\nEDIT: Game doesn't have a name yet if you have any suggestions on a name post them below :)"
4ydaa5,(Medieval) Web MMORPG,"I am a programmer that can make this happen i just need someone to think of some concept ideas and someone who can make some designs. The genre isn't set but i like the classic medieval without fantasy. In this game you should be able to have player housing, do quests, pvp, crafting.\n\nSome elements i like in other webgames\n - Warfare and scale of tribalwars \n - UI from OGAME - \n - Battles from adventure quest\n - RPG style of initium \n - questing of runescape\n - Interaction of town of salem"
4ycx1p,Survival game - mixed Rust and 7 day to die,"Game starts naked like in rust with some tools on a big island. Goal of whole game is that you have time about 4 days to build a big fortress and defensive baricades. Its multiplayer. \n\nIn first 4 days you start gathering resources, like wood, stone, iron. Hunt animals for leather to make some clothes and armor. Every other players do the same on that island. \n\nI think its good to have unlock every items and start crafting as soon as posible. You will need a lot of ammo to defend yourself from other players first 4 days. No monsters will be on map those first 4 days. Maybe more days but i think 4 days would be enough or time.. maybe 50 hours countdown. This time is only about gathering and make a lot of guns, ammo, and build a big base with defensive. Even a food, you could build some farms and make corn and stuff But a point is that after 4 days or countdown time a horde of creatures arrive. Like mutant monsters or pirates with ships. Trying to destroy every base and players. \n\nMonsters must be strong so they destroy your walls and come into your base to any players and after every single monsters is killed than most powerful survivales kill each other eventualy. After that servers wipe and starts all over again. I think people wont kill each other much becouse everyone will needed to gather materials and make a lot of ammo. Its should be hard to make ammo. Like a lot of gunpowder needed and everyone goal will be to survive that big horde of monsters comming and after that start looking for other players.\n\nGame must be balanced so a solo player can have the same opportunity as a group. But its should be an option that max 4 players can be in group. ( more fair i think ). Need to work smoothly, not like 7 days to die. \n\nThere must be a lot of items to craft, to build unique structures. Dig underground so u can put some traps into it. A lot of weapons, grenades and it must be a decent graphics like in Rust.\n\nSo what do you think? Share some opinions with me. For me its not a bad idea and if would be a realy great done i think a lot of people would buy and play.\n\nExperienced: Require a team of professional developers"
4ycr6u,Harambe Simulator,Run and destroy while being chased by snipers
4yavqj,Highschool of the Dead MMORPG,"I was thinking that Highschool of the Dead deserve a game and my thought was this:\n\nSince I'm a big fan of side-scrollers and such I was thinking that the game could be just like DFO (Dungeon Fighter Online) \nThe classes could be characters from the anime like Saeko could be Swordsman (Swordswoman in this case),Rei could be lancer or spearwoman since she uses spear like weapons,Shizuka could be healer,support or something with Pistols as main weapons,Takashi could be Marksman or Gunner with rifles and shotgun as his main weapons,Kohta coud be Sniper or something with of course Sniper Rifles and Saya...I don't know what Saya could be,but her weapons of choice should be Pistols and Shotguns.Melee weapons would be there as well.From baseball bats to pipes and many more.\n\n\nThe gameplay and graphics could be like DFO and about skins,special items and such,there can be an item mall and events and quests like any other MMORPG.There are not many Zombie based MMORPG.Let this be one and the anime is well known.\nI would love to see my idea take roots and become something big."
4y6199,"Predator alien in a GTA ""open world""","Concrete jungle was a good start for the open world predator game I have always wanted to play, but I have this idea to a next Gen game with this concept. The new hitman games have my idea down to a working science. Instead if an assassin you have a predator alien which give u now more options as to kills. Beef up any threats so that the predator isn't too op. And as a story mode for this game it's very simple bit requires the buying of a few rights. Each chapter could be a story arc of different comic stories. The comics are full of ideas and stories that a developer could use. After you finish story mode you still have alot of replay value, just like the hitman games you can go back to the maps hunt random people. Cool little trophy achievements or kills could even be characters from the movies as hidden kills. As a way to get new weapons and tech you could have a honor system that rewards you for going after dangerous foes and penalize you for killing unworthy foes. Anyone have any suggestion or opinions on my idea?\n\nPS. In high school I always said the tools were right there to put a predator alien in mortal kombat. Fast foward 10 years later a predator was put into mkx.\nI thought the same thing about a pokemon game with real time fighting instead of turn based and truth be told pokken tournament came out.\npredator concrete jungle was cool for its time on the ps2 back then but it would be cool to see my idea on a next Gen system."
4y613o,Help for developing a game,"I need suggestions about creating a simple game. I'm using gamemaker:studio right now. Does someone have any idea about which tipe of game i should develop? If you have any please leave them below. If you want me to create a game for you, I could try to do so. Also, I don't know where to find the sprites for my game.     "
4y5bor,Need an idea for a game that alternates between top-down base building and FPS,"When playing starcraft I always loved the idea of being able to play first-person as a space marine, shooting out from a bunker.\n\nBut I've plaed games where you build your base in first-person and it can get kind of tedious. \n\nAnyone have ideas for a game where you can quickly and easily build a base in top-down mode, and then switch to first-person mode to defend it/attack the other guy's base?"
4y4rvv,"Open-world, First-Person, alien invasion survival game.","I've thought about this idea good and hard for a while.\n\nSince there are so many open-world, First-Person zombie games (Left 4 Dead, Dying Light, Dead Island, etc.), why not make an alien invasion survival game?\n\nThere are a lot of zombie games where you are a normal person trying to survive, but there are virtually no alien invasion games with that. There are a lot of alien invasion games where you're a soldier or soldiers battling the aliens (XCOM, for example), but none where you're just a normal person trying to survive. I mean, an alien invasion survival game could be done very easily and be great if done right.\n\nAnyway, the premise is that you are a person (probably customizable) living in a city or suburbs when aliens invade. Your only mission is to survive. Recruit survivors, barricade and fortify your house or other place, scavenge for food and supplies, kill aliens and examining their armor and weaponry.\n\nMost likely, I'd emphasize stealth over action.\n\nWhat does everyone think of a special achievement/trophy that allows you to use the aliens' own weapons, which have infinite ammo but need to be recharged, against them? The achievement/trophy would have to be VERY hard to unlock, though.\n\nI'm kinda in a rush 'cause I have things to do, so I can't add very many details/ideas for this idea right now. I'll add more later and answer whatever questions you guys have."
4xzd62,A Pandemic Predicament (Save the world),"TL:DR \nThis war of mine, state of decay, plague Inc and dishonored had a baby. Open world, survival zombie curing simulator with ethical decisions, personality, landmarks that you can fortify and an EVOLVING DISEASE oohwee\n\nSince I've always wanted to try out voice acting as I have a very flexible voice, I'd love to voice Act for this kind of project :) I can visualise it as possible.\n\nBackstory: My idea involves zombies. Based in steampunk-europe around the time of the black plague, this story takes place in an alternate universe where the plague was stopped... with drastic consequences. a doctor performs autopsies upon the deceased, experimenting with ways in which the virus could be contained. With a stroke of luck, he creates the Antivirus, combating the plague. The recipie, however, causes the dead to reanimate where several of the doctors infectes patients escape and begin the zombie outbreak. The only way to fix this is to wipe out the virus. Killing everyone or curing evreryone while avoiding being killed yourself.\n\nThis game idea becomes a combination of 'plague Inc' and 'state of decay.' With the environment of 'dishonored' and the mood of ""this war of mine""\n\nEssentially, an open world with multiple towns and landmarks. You begin with a handful of other survivors and are tasked with protecting your research while seeking out other research material to make the virus recede and transform everyone back. The survivors can be used as guards, scavangers or whatever you see fit.\nThe catch? \nThe virus mutates. Every so often, the virus will mutate, causing all of your research to become outdated and your current cure to become ineffective against those who are not already cured. By performing autopsies on corpses, you can progress your research and unlock the next recipie for the formula and then search out the materials for the next recipie. \n\nthe virus, as it mutates, can reinfect people. Meaning it'll be a game of possession, resource management, skill and patience in an attempt to reclaim the land.\n\nYou can fortify landmarks to provide a quarantine place for all ""cured"". Where you need to ensure all resources like food water and shelter are evident.\n\nAs you need to perform autopsies, it becomes a choice of who should die in order to progress the world, effectively making you the decisive character.\nEach ""cured"" will have a skill and traits which makes deciding easier. But each would be a unique individual with a backstory and family, making it harder.\n\nI dunno \nJust an idea:)"
4xz4u7,A boss designer game,"Hello, I have this idea since a while about a game where you can design and create your own bosses.\n\nThe idea is simple and implies three elements : \n\n* A framework/software to create and design new bosses.\n* A desktop client where you can download and/or post new bosses.\n* An arena to fight the bosses posted by other player or designed by you.\n\nI don't have any idea about the kind of game, it could be turn-by-turn game or a zelda-like, or an FPS. Depends on the motivation of the team and its resources.\n\n\nWe can imagine a lot of features coming with.  For example a lot of ranking criteria like undefeated bosses, most played bosses. And for the player side, the time to defeat a boss ... \n\nPS: This is my first post, any commentary to improve my post is very welcome. "
4xys0g,I need idea for a game,"So i need idea for my game,maybe fps game. But doesnt matter really"
4xybwd,"[Request] Wanted to get into developing, need a good idea to start.",
4xxmqn,Daredevil Game Idea,"I have Daredevil games idea based on his ability or lack there of. I'd love to see something with the same or similar fighting style as the Arkham series, but visually the graphics would almost be non existent. \n\nI'm thinking a black screen with Daredevil outlined clearly on the screen. The only way to ""see"" your surroundings is to have some amount of noise. If you are outside, let's say on a roof top, street noise and car sounds would light up the area around you. In a quiet room, have a way for the character to tap on the floor to see a pulse of sound generate an image around you. In cases like this, I think it would be cool to let the image linger for a few seconds, but go away making the game play also similar to a spy ""Metal Gear"" type sneaking in certain parts.\n\nExtremely loud noises would white out the screen and maybe temporarily stun the your character as well. Images could be more intense depending on the direction noises are coming from. I think an open world concept where roofs are easily accessible would be awesome.\n\nAs for the story, we can bring in a who's who of the best villains to fight. The Hand, King Pin, Bullseye, etc... "
4xv4rv,Virtual Do-Good-er Game,"The basic gameplay is the following: You are a billionaire. Your parents have given you everything and you choose to join the Illuminati. When you are not happy, you lose money. You're wealth is steadily decreasing until you spend a couple of dollars on an old homeless lady. You bought her a rose; your happiness level increased, and your wealth is back to normal. Meanwhile, the illuminati have plans to restrict all flow of money for about 1 week, and that means that you won't be able to spend money on others, which means that your happiness will go down, and you start losing your money and illuminati prestige. They only accept really really really rich guys in their organization of course. You have to protect yourself, you can't lose too much money or you lose the game. The win, you have to survive the week. Basically, you have to become a REALLY REALLY good liar and create alliances between really educated individuals that can give you advice on how to fool the illuminati while you secretly spend on gifts for other people to increase your happiness, and shortly thereafter, your wealth. The complexity of the game lies in identifying the loopholes in the illuminati's power: since you are a part of them, your job is to stay a part of them, even after D-day itself."
4xv3uy,TESTAMENT: An Epic of Biblical Proportions,[deleted]
4xtk7b,It could be a good game?,"I was thinking on a idea wich is this:\n\nYou know the ingress game? Check it out if you don't know,but basically is taking checkpoints for your team (there are 2 teams), and these checkpoints could be upgraded etc.\nWell,I was thinking from Ingress as the ""base"" of the game,and add things like:\n\n-Checkpoints will have ""Firewalls"",wich are mini games similar to the Watch Dogs (there's a path broken,you need to fix it as fast as possible),or use the Fallout 4 (the code thing), and if you fail to hack it,not only you,but all people who are trying to hack it needs to leave the zone in a minute or two or they will loose something randomly.When passes the 5 minutes OUT of the zone,you can enter again//Note:You can only hack enemy's checkpoint//\n\n-If you are hacking a checkpoint,you are ""exposed"".This means if people who is playing detects you AND he's enough near of you,he can: Or turn on the alarm,wich makes you fail instantly,or he can hack the you,taking 3 random items of you if you don't use an item to block him or you escape of his zone or the checkpoint zone //note:Only 1 person can hack another,and it cannot be chained or something.It could look a little shit this idea because people could follow you etc but it makes the game not so simple,so you don't ""Enter,press a button,out"".Someone can of hack another from the same team//\n\n-And small things like trading,a black market wich people sells items for others,etc.,closing your game meanwhile a hack would mean the one who hacks you will finish the hack instantly and take a few random items from you\n\n-Ideas I don't really like but maybe are good:By hacking,you get Intel.,and these Intel can me exchanged in a option called ""government""(In other words,you give the government Intel),and it gives you rare items (of course a good amount of Intel points to get a few items)//Note:If you're of the resistance,then instead of Government would be the Resistance HQ or something//.\nThere could be something like guards patrolling for some minutes small zones and if you pass near of them makes you impossible to hack or do any action for 20 minutes (and maybe exposed for 5 minutes) \n\nPost ideas you would want on the game,there are mine after all.\n\nI've always wanted a game wich makes you feel like you're a hacker,with the good and bad moments,and of course there's already a game (watch dogs) wich makes some of the mechanics I said but these could make a really good game in my opinion.Sorry if my grammar is really bad or the idea wasn't simplified enough "
4xt0n1,Anarchy! vs The Illuminati: THE GAME; Revolution Simulator,"So, you go around the city, start riots for no reason and kill cops without repercussions.\n\nThen, when you hit maximum chaos, a drone strike arrives, ending your life.\n\n\nTHE END"
4xs8we,Help me with this vague concept,"I'm sure some of you already thought about this, so let's make a little brainstorm here:\n\nA game where the player is shrunk, to a virus size, and sent to a living human body, inside a ship. Like in the movie [Innerspace](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093260/)\n\nSo what could be the player's objective in a game like this? \n\nIt has to be something like an RPG/Exploration game, so no mechanics like ""Stage clear, go to next level"".\n\n\n* Just cure a huge disease?\n\n* Destroy the host?\n\n* Combat viruses and other humans inside the body?\n\n\nThis is not a game I can make, just a dreamer here xD\nLet me know your ideas\n\n"
4xrv35,Combat Training Game - Creatures meets Mount &amp; Blade,"Basically, in this game you teach groups or individuals how to fight in various ways. All of your training combines in an algorithm to create unique fighters. Then you can fight them, watch them fight each other, pit groups against groups, or have giant wars.\n\nJust a quick idea. "
4xr32q,A Random Game,"A game where everything is random. Like the level design, weapon powers, abilities, enemies and their stats, etc."
4xpx8o,FPS in neighbourhoods across the globe.,"I was just thinking about a FPS in my neighbourhood and how you can related warfares across the globe. In a general sense, I was imagining a gang related battle (think Battlefield Hardline) where a lot of the world's physical infrastructure is dynamic to the point where a simple house starts off with 3 entrance points, then destruction can limit it to 2, but use explosives in random areas to turn it back to 3. Also, each map (or neighbourhoods) are medium scaled maps. For example, the middle strip of the map is the main road with obstacles such as trucks and cars to help players move from one side of the map to the other. The side of the maps are houses and parks which would contain a perfect balance of close quarters battle and long range sniper fests. This game would also need some little easter eggs or ""holy shit you can do that"" stuff like blowing up a specific car infront of a house and only that vehicle's explosion can blow up the garage door.\n\nSorry if my grammar is cancerous but I am not edtiing it cause i need to let this idea out before i implode."
4xpbld,Barber Simulator,Same gameplay as Surgeon Simulator but you are a barber.
4xofy0,Exorcism Mystery Game,"**Concept Overview:** \nStory-driven puzzle game.\nYou are a low level reaper intern tasked with cleaning up the lost souls from failed reapings. Problem: they didn't give you any tools to forcibly reap the souls, so you need to convince the souls into moving on. You figure out what dialogue to use to convince them by gathering evidence of their past lives around their home.\n\n**Plot:**\nThe player makes a deal with death in exchange for a few more years with a loved one. This deal involves the player functioning as an intern in the currently understaffed Department of Death, where the reapers do such rushed jobs that failed reapings are frequent. As a result, lots of lost souls linger on earth, tied by some purpose, unable to move on. \nAs the game goes on, more of the character's backstory will be revealed.\n\n**Setting:**\nSuburban environment. Depending on scope, character might be able to traverse elsewhere. The atmosphere conveyed should be somewhat melancholy but peaceful. Certain ghost's backstories might be somewhat scary and with tense situations, but on the whole it is not a horror game.\n\n**Characters:**\n\n* Player: Will be left as a fairly blank slate, although a theme that runs throughout the game should be nostalgia and letting go. As much as the character is trying to help the ghosts they are exorcising let go and move on, they also need to learn how to let go. Of past guilt, of people who they may never meet again, etc.\nThe player character might be the only one in game to reap without tools\n\n* The Mentor Reaper\nThe reaper sent to reap the character's loved one. They function in part as story components, and in part as the tutorial character. They might be somewhat snarky and annoyed as they didn't expect to actually have to accept the player character's request, and actually mentor the player. Given that the mechanics would be fairly simple (object finding, some puzzle solving) they might just be incredibly unhelpful. Beyond the first reaping, they may be contacted for hints but otherwise will not be present.\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\nA mix of object finding and possibly dialogue options for clues fishing. Also possibly some point and click puzzle solving. Gameplay will probably be incredibly simple, the game will rely on the writing and characters to be appealing. \n\n**Possible Platforms:**\nTablet? PC/Mac?\n \nAdditional Notes:\nThe scope can be kept pretty small if the story focusses on one exorcism alone, where the focus will be less on the player and more on the ghost and their story.\n"
4xo8bz,Puella ARG !SPOILERS FOR PUELLA MAGI MADOKA MAGICA!,"SPOILER WARNINGS FOR PUELLA MADI MADOKA MAGICA\n\n**Puella Magi**\n\n**Concept Overview:**\nMake a wish and for a contract with Kyubey, and become a magical girl defeating evil witches all over the world!\n\n**Plot:**\nThis will be set before the anime/manga. In the beginning, the player \nis confronted by kyubey, and will make a wish that allows them to become a magical girl. As you gain time and levels through the game, and also hopefully through a *specific* game mechanic listed later, more is revealed about the responsibility and weight of being a magical girl.\n\n**Setting:**\nInitially, witches or familiars will spawn around famous landmarks. This being an ARG, everywhere is open as a setting. \n\n**Characters:**\nNot so much character related, but in the anime certain famous women turn out to be Puella Magi. If possible, and also with appropriate taste, it would be interesting if their respective witch labyrinths had elements of their history incorporated to allow for tangential learning.\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n* The wish: At the start of the game, Kyubey will ask the player what they wish for. Here, the player will be presented with a decent variety of options: ""I wish for healing""; ""I wish for strength""; ""I wish for peace"" etc. These will determine their soul gem power, some of their stats, and their witch form. \n\n* The Player as Puella Magi: Once the player has made their wish they are presented with a set of questions that determines the type of weapon they will use as Magi. They will then be presented with their Soul Gem. \nThe Soul Gem will glow brighter if it senses a witch or familiar around, allowing for a form of tracking system for witches. If the player chooses, they may enter the witch labyrinth. This may be presented as a bullethell/ Turn-taking RPG/ puzzle minigame. To use each attack will require different amounts of magic/soul purity. \n*Witches: Sometimes, if roaming witches are defeated, they drop ""grief seeds"", which are the only way to restore soul purity. The permanently spawning witches WILL NOT drop grief seeds\n\nIf the soul purity is depleted to 0, *the character DIES and becomes a WITCH at that location* The player may restart the game, but they will not be able to reload the old character they played; that character is dead and gone, like a rogue like. \n\n*Progress?: As is required for a roguelike, there probably needs to be some degree of character progress to make the player care? As far as I can think of, possibly having typical RPG progress and MAYBE weapon upgrades. It would be BETTER to have progress in interesting character moments, but those might be hard to implement into such an open game :/\n\n\n**Standout Features:**\nNot much, just figuring out how to appropriately adapt the Puella Magi concept to a multiplayer game. The main draw would probably be the idea of playing as a magical girl fighting witches all over the city.\nBecause of competition over witches, it should also be possible to challenge other magical girl players to duels  to prevent them from getting the witch, and thus the grief seed. There might be opportunity for BOTH co-operation and PVP WITHIN the witch labyrinth. \n\n**Possible Platforms:**\nHandheld devices (IPhone, Android)\n\n**Extra Features:**\nCustomising your magical girl persona?\n\nIn all likelihood with the licensing requirements and difficulty of adapting the source material (as well as the massive scope of ARGs in general) this is probably never going to happen.\nOther problems include: How to prevent late arrival spoilers? How to balance the witch population? How could we get the player to CARE about their death/ their friend's death? How to keep the TONE of Madoka Magica? How to balance the different combat styles?\nQuestions that will never go answered because of the nigh unfeasible scope of this game\nFeedback appreciated!"
4xnjlr,The Viking game,This a game idea that I have though of... There should be a game about Vikings and it is a first person game with the gameplay like farcry but story like assassins creed you can also have your own crew too and rank ur way up to be the best Viking there is boats and a big open world to explore there is another side idea that I \nhave a Viking survival game you don't see those
4xmj10,Piratez,[deleted]
4zkwso,Updated Version of Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe,"I have an idea for a game that I would very much like to see become a reality.  I have no idea how to build a game so I'll submit my idea here.  Please note, I'm aware Brutal Deluxe HD came out a few years ago but it had no management feature nor the updates detailed I'd like to see.  \n\n\nThis idea is based from my experiences with Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe which I played about 25 years ago and still play to this day.  Unlike most players, I get my fun from the Management Mode in Speedball and this is what I think should be developed in to a RTS sports management game.  I believe there's plenty of scope here to update and rework this in to a very modern and addictive game.\n\n\nI'd like to see the same basic premise again.  A sports game in which teams battle it out for success within a league format.  Each team has 3 defenders (one being a Goal-Keeper), 3 midfielders, 3 attackers, substitutes, and a manager.  Players can be transferred between teams for coin or the rookies within each team can be developed gradually via gym and equipment.  Players gain coin by getting matchday results: low for a loss, mediocre for a draw, high for a win, with additional bonuses for goo offensive and defensive play.  So coins open up progression routes of various kinds.  \n\n\nI'd like to see 3 divisions with various degrees of difficulty such as easy, mediocre, and hard.  AI teams within each league would have Managers with different preferred strategies: defensive, balanced, or attack.  AI teams would also have varying strength of players from weak to strong.  We would start off at the bottom with a very basic team and slowly work up the divisions developing the team as we go.  The ultimate goal of the game is to gain promotion to the top league and win it.  \n\n\nSome ideas to update:  \n\nStadiums can be upgraded and yield benefits.  Better form means higher attendances.  Higher attendances means more coins earned for a home game.   \n\n\nI think the AI of SP2 is very subtle but satisfying.  Win the ball back, get it up the other end of the field, put it in the goal.  It would be good to see this be more detailed.  Teams could be told to play more defensively - Tackle more frequently, keep possession, shoot only when there's a high chance of scoring, etc.  Teams could also be told to play more offensively - Move ball quickly from defence to offence, shoot more frequently, risky passing, etc.  There could also be scope for individual tactics - Midfielders told to help cover defence and win ball back, or link with forwards and try to score goals.  \n\n\nThe various gym upgrades allow players to buy/improve things like boots for running faster, arms for throwing further, goggles for better shooting, and armour for harder tackles and injury resistance.  So players can be developed over time but injuries carry severe penalties reducing a players stats back down again.  This same format is something I'd like to see again but tweaked in a way that equipment can be more beneficial to either defence, offence, or balanced.  For example, I could give attackers lighter armour for speed but they would be less useful at tackling and more susceptible to injury.  Managers can choose who or what they want to upgrade first and progress through the team gradually.  New and better upgrades being accessible as the divisions increase.  The very premium equipment, upgrades, players, dependant on how well a league season has went.  So winning the league outright yields better results than going up via playoffs. \n\n\n\nTo further develop the complexity of the game Med Centres could be introduced.  These could allow for faster healing times and reduced penalties when players are stretchered off.  The game could have more detailed training facilities, rookie camps, or research for better equipment.  Staff could be introduced.\n\n\nOver and above the gym is the Transfer Market where a 'Star' can be bought.  This yields good short term benefits but there's no room to upgrade star players so the trade off is long-term development of the team overall.  I'd like to see a much more detailed Transfer Market with a larger database of players to choose from.  Roughly 50 to 100 players ranging from Goal-Keepers, defenders, midfielders, forwards.  I'd like to see more specialist type players on the market like attacking wingers, defensive midfielders, tackling defenders, aggressive ball winning forwards, etc.\n\n\nI'd like to see customizable team names, outfits, and players.  \n\n\nSB2 had short games that were very satisfying to watch.  Goals meant big points, multipliers at the midway point, hard tackling always had potential for injuries that could change the course of a game, or even a season.  I think it should kept to that same basic yet rewarding format.\n\nCyborg or robotic upgrades.  In the lower divisions teams are populated by a mostly human element.  In the middle division robots limbs could become more common with robotic arms, legs, or eyes as an upgrade over human.  In the top division a high number of fully robotic players.  This gives an upgrade path over an above the gym, or transfer market.  So research done on tech could eventually result in powerful upgrades which would be exciting and rewarding for players.\n\n\nThe ability to substitute players (that haven't been injured) mid-game, tactical changes. or force subbing injured players would allow changes on the fly.  So managers could change strategy  from defence to offence, or introduce different styles of players, to try and change the game.  Increasing the depth and scope of team customisation, players, and tactics between games would make this a joy.  At the end of each season is where the player transfers happen and stadium upgrades take place that are key to long-term success.\n\n\nThese type of RTS sports games rely heavily on the quality of the match engine and visuals.  The match engine in SB2 is very simple but I think it would hold up even now with a little work.  The visuals were basic and wouldn't need much work to update and I for one low the 2D match view.  Many of the current Baseball, football, basketball and other simulators overcomplicate themselves with oceans of text screens that fail to provide any sort of visual match which frustrates and bores players.  SP2 offers a sports management game that is entertaining, challenging, and strategic without being over complicated.  \n\n\nThere's a real absence of arcade style sports RTS management games just now but there's certainly a market for them.  Motorsports Management is currently being developed which shows there is a demand for Sport simulation games.  SB2 is a fictional sport so there would be no demand for real world brands or player databases.  If SP2 was reworked and updated properly, advertised as a strategy game, and sold on Steam for competitive price I think people would buy it.  There's always scope in these games for DLC like player skins, stadiums, new players to transfer, etc.  Simple DLC like this does sell as seen with XCOM that has simple skin updates for a few bucks.\n\n\nI'd also point out that although I enjoy SP2 and used that as a reference point here, it doesn't need to be that specific a title.  This could be a similar game developed in its own right.  We once had Sim City but now we have Cities Skylines so old games can be improved upon and become hits.  What I propose could be a complete reimagining of  an old but great game.  \n\nI'd very much like to here the forums thoughts on this?  "
4zknsy,"[Requests] DanganRonpa 3 simulator (Just like Hunger Games simulator, but with the rules of DR3)","In the anime DanganRonpa 3, the cast is thrown into a killing game. But instead of it being just like the games it takes place after, there's a new set of rules that add more urgency.\n\nEvery participant wears a bangle on their wrist that has drugs, timer, etc. Only one participant is the traitor. The show features 16 participants in an enclosed space (a ruined headquarters building, in this case). Everyone has to figure out who the killer is or they'll all be dead.\n\n**Rule #1:** When the timer on the bangle runs out, a sleeping drug will put all participants to sleep.\n\n**Rule #2:** While everyone is asleep, the traitor will kill only one person. If no one is killed, the other participants besides the traitor wins.\n\n**Rule #3:** Everyone has a Forbidden Action, or NG Code. It is an action that the participant is not allowed to perform. If they do, they will be lethally poisoned and killed. For example, if your Forbidden Action is ""witness violence between participants"", you die if you see someone getting punched.\n\nConsidering how the rules divides a group, how each participant utilizes their own talents/skills, and the way some people pick allies or antagonize another, I think it might make an interesting derivative of the [Hunger Games simulator](http://brantsteele.net/hungergames/disclaimer.php).\n\n**EDIT: [Scene that details the rules of the new killing game.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n21fWouUjz4)**"
4zk1tj,Simulation game ideas you want made,"What real-life simulations have you always wanted to see in games, but have never been made or made to your satisfaction?\n\nI'm talking about city/island sims, business sims, hospital/roller-coaster sims, sport/team management sims, 'life' sims, etc. That sort of thing.\n\nIn the past, I've written management games that simulate reality. Some large, some small - none particularly successful - and I'd like to get a feel for what, if anything, people these days are looking for, before I think about writing another one!\n\n***\n\nI'd just like to thank all those who suggested ideas below. Although I haven't replied individually to many of the more... esoteric ones, I have read and pondered all! Further ideas are still welcome."
4zjxb1,Space RTS to Ground RTS,Something good like Sins of a Solar Empire to take a planet. Then down to the ground with Supreme Commander. Both phases would have to be good! Games I've seen that sorta try to do this has one phase ridiculously simplistic and the other just OK.
4zj08z,Game idea: lovecraftian lore based exploration game,"Just random thoughts.\n\nGame inspired by sunless sea and interactive books, where a world is generated and you go explore to find new stories. The objective is to survive as long as possible while finding new mysteries.\n\nThe graphics could be top view very stylized, would be cool to have a generated world like dwarf fortress, you explore new locations to find weird stories with multiple choices (like sunless sea).\n\nOf course you might die while following a quest/story but if you are successful you can find some secrets or artifact that will help you onward.\n\nEvery story should have a tag, so for example a sea based story/quest can only start near a seaside locations (a fisherman hut or a cave)\n\nI have always been interested in the idea of expanding content so it would be cool to have the possibility for the community for the community to submit new stories that can be included in the world coherently using the tag system.\n\nCombat can be text based for symplicity and there would be no real main objective just the thrill to find new stories and weird characters ."
4zhivi,Highschool of the Dead MMORPG (Update),"In my last post I talked about the graphics and the characters.\nIn this post I would like to talk about what would be the City/Merchant area and the Monsters/Zombies area.\nSince the anime is in Modern Era I was thinking that the City/Merchant Area could be a Survivors Camp and the Monsters/Zombie area the infectected city.Each City could be on Sectors and after finish a Sector you would fight a boss or Zombie Waves for Unique items and unlocking a new Survivors Camp.\nSince a Humve,an amphibious vehicle,motorcycle appeared in the Anime there could be implemented a vehicle system.Like you could buy one and use it to reach the next Survivor Camp faster.\nLike any other MMORPG you can create a Group/Guild how you want to call it.\nThis was the Update on my previous post about this MMORPG idea."
4zh7dm,give me an arcade game idea!,"So for my final assessment in my game design class we have to make an arcade style game to be put on the class' arcade cabinet \nThe parameters are as follows:\n-15 week (preferably less) timeframe\n-2D (made in gamemaker)\n-either a clone of, or inspired by 70s-80s arcade games\n-some sort of score that can be put into a leader board\nEDIT:\nforgot one big thing. The arcade is compatible with up to 4 players, each having a joystick and 6 buttons (plus a start button). So the game can be up to 4x multiplayer. our marks are not changed based on wether or not it's multiplayer so any amount of players is fine"
4zgny6,Realistic mountain bike game,Have a super realistic mountain bike game where you can buy new bikes and travel around the US to real mountain bike parks 
4zek8s,Worms roping,"I was a skilled worms roper years ago (havent played much since), similar to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzE7eRBvi7s\n\nThis could be a game in itself.\n\nInstead of blowing up terrain to create new shapes, a bigger world of stranger shapes.\n\nMaybe moving the mouse shoots a rope in that direction? In worms, its somehow derived from direction and speed. How could the controls be improved and ways of roping expanded?"
4zcwkj,3D Pokémon game mechanics,"You play as a Pokémon trainer (that you customize) and catch and level Pokémon to progress the story as you do in the mobile versions, but it is three-dimensional. Instead of all the same generic attack animations similar to the anime. When Pikachu uses the move ""bolt tackle"" it's very uneventful, but in this game, it would have Pikachu charging up and then charging at the enemy. You have to control all the attacks. If you can't land it on the opponent, that's how they would evade the attacks. Since Pokémon can only know 4 moves at once, it seems to be a good idea to put it on all platforms (XBOX ONE, PS4, Nintendo's newest console[not the Wii U, but they are making another], and PC since it can support gamepads) because joystick controllers today have 4 buttons on the left (digital pads) or right (a,b,x,y/X,Square,O,triangle) for each move. The first installment could be a disc or a digital game, then each new region of the Pokèmon world could just be an add-on/DLC. It can be an RPG-like free roam, but when you go to the Pokèmon Center's second floor, this enables the online gameplay (as is in the mobile games). It should have the same storyline, but be three-dimensional, combine all 6 regions together, and each Pokèmon move should have their own animation. Please tell me what you think in the comments.\n\nI think it should look something like this 3D rendering: https://youtu.be/hs3-73NSa7k"
4zcw4i,What if the main character of Far Cry was a woman?,"Pretty simple question, if we're going with the idea of putting the player in an exotic place, and the goal is survival. How do we do this with a female lead? \n\nAnd more importantly, accurately, and fairly portray her as a character with depth? With her gender being just an aspect of her, but not quite what defines her?\n\n\nI was thinking if Jason Brody were a female, and the whole idea was that she normally got through life by being given everything she needed from the get go. Somewhat a spoiled child, never quite having to work for what she wanted or needed like someone from a less wealthy family would. Now having to fight for her life, she's presented with the reality of how far she will go, that she would become a monster if it meant getting what she wanted, in other words the ends justifying the means.\n\n\nWhat other angles could we go with here? Any other ideas?"
4zac8q,Guide an inept hero through a fantasy adventure,"The world is in chaos, a big bad is threatening all that is good, and a chosen one is selected to save humanity as we know it. Unfortunately, the chosen hero is an inept goof-ball with an inflated ego. A force of good has assigned you, an actual adventurer, to protect the hero on his journey.\n\nI'd imagine as a sort of 2D puzzle platformer. The hero trots along in a ridiculous fashion, going along on his adventure. Enemies will attempt to stop and kill him the hero, they will set traps against him, and there will be boss fights.\n\nThe player character can fight, and is much more capable than the inept hero. However, if the player character assists to directly and too obviously, the hero's ego will deflate as he realizes that it's actually you who's doing all the work, and will not have the willpower to continue with the quest.\n\nSo, the player will have to do some behind the scene's puzzle solving to do situations in which the bad guys will be defeated, but it will look like the hero is one doing all or most of the work, and you are just his trusty companion. The hero will be happy with you fighting along side him for a limited time, but if you just do combat alone, you won't be able to progress. The player will have to do puzzles and platforming to continue on the journey.\n\nSo, if there is a big boss monster in say, a church, the player could attempt to go to the church ahead of the hero and prepare to cut down the bell at the top or something and send it toppling onto the monster, killing it. The inept hero isn't very bright, so he'll figure that as long as he doesn't see you directly doing it, that he himself was the one who defeated the monster.\n\nThere could be combat sequences, too. For example, perhaps there is a locked door, and the player notices an oncoming ambush. The player tells the hero to begin lock picking the door. This, of course, consumes all of the heroes attention, and the player must fight off the ambush while the hero is busy with the lock.\n\nAnd of course, as soon as the hero figures out how to unlock the door after you just killed 15 baddies, is chuffed with himself and says things like ""What would you do without me?"" and stuff like that.\n\nThere could be ""Updrades"" too. The player could begin to train the hero to be more competent. When the hero gets kills, his ego is boosted. Like I said earlier, if the ego bar empties, the game is over. (That, along with the hero dying.) So, the player could upgrade the hero, making it easier to guide him. However, upgrade the hero TOO much, and he can potentially go ahead of you, giving you less time to solve the puzzles you need too.\n\nYou could also give the hero ""fake"" upgrades. You could assign him ""shiny new armor"" that is too heavy for him, and makes him slow. Again, the hero is oblivious to this, and is glad that he has some shiny new armor.\n\nSorry this is rant format. I'm pretty bad at formatting and describing things, but if you stuck with it hopefully you can get the gist of what I'm saying."
4za0hv,Smell a magic turd. Travel through light to another smellmension. A dance-off ensues. 27.,[deleted]
4z8fhe,Game-idea : sort of prison break,"So in this game you will play a person that was poor and went to the criminal life and got put in jail. the game is to make it out alive in one of the worst prisons in the country with gangs, bad cops etcetera."
4z83rt,A game where you are the creator of man.,"I've been thinking of a game where there's a huge, procedurally-generated planet that has land, water, jungles, deserts, etc., but it wouldn't have humans at first.\n\nYou create the first human, with a customization system, and choose where to place him/her. Depending on how well he thrives, you begin earning ""prosperity points"". The main purpose of these is to create more people. Once you have at least one male and one female in the same area, they'll reproduce on their own, but making more yourself allows you to have them in isolated regions from each other, or have different races, etc. Also, family members will want to stay close together, so they won't spread out much unless you make them.\n\nIf you earn a large enough amount of prosperity points, you can create more expensive things, like mountains, islands, natural disasters, and changing the course of rivers to see how it affects your little civilizations.\n\nThe people could advance technologically, appoint leaders, and occasionally fight each other. You could spend prosperity points to smite people for behaviors you don't like, and reward them to encourage desirable behaviors. You are God. This is your world. Will your people praise your mercy, or bow down before your might?"
4z7y6e,A game that is different depending on the player's choices.,"Many games have branching storylines depending on what you choose, but I mean something more drastic. As in, a simple decision that you make early on could lead you to a totally different game. You could end up in space making deals with aliens or in the underworld fighting cerberus depending on whether you eat an apple or toast for breakfast. The best part is that you wouldn't know how your decisions affect your fate until its far too late to change."
4z76dd,How to expand this idea?,"I wanted to get some experience in networking so I came up with an idea for game that has gameplay somewhat similar to Journey but with bigger focus on multiplayer and in 2d probably as I'm afraid I'm not experienced enough for 3d. One problem is that I can't think of mechanic that will fit in. I really liked how Dark Souls coop worked (players can't speak with each other, one player summons other for help) and I want to add something that No Man's Sky promised (you can meet other player but's it's rare) plus I want environmental storytelling everything in dark fantasy world. Any ideas guys?"
4z6rzv,You awaken in a confusing and seemingly empty world with no memory.,"I had this story idea a while back, after completing a writing prompt. I found it would work great as a first person adventure game set in an alien world where you would find out what is going on. Not to be confused with soma, as you would have zero idea what happened. The story would build itself as you went on, sneaking around empty areas and learning the story(s) as you went along. The eerie and graphic feeling I want to go with is sort of that ""waking up in a pod of filth and fluid"" the matrix had going in the first movie, but with room to explore more original narratives and storylines told entirely through just exploring and escaping weird and crazy circumstances. The story in question is here: https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B3iaBr1GT41hNVY4cXk5a1ctZms/edit?usp=docslist_api&amp;filetype=msword\n\n\nI mainly mean the themes from the beginning entrance to the environment described with the control room. I don't want to oversaturate the player's eyes, but at the same time when going through the same area again the player will realize it's saturated to the brim with story. I don't know, I'd like to toss ideas around with the people who want to work on this. I just want that nasty alien and horrific wonder feeling captured in some way. Any way."
4z6khd,"Game Idea: Like Rocket League but billiards - cars with missiles and guns on a billiards table, two teams like CS.","Cars will be a variety such as jeeps, f1s, trucks, bulldozers with guns and missiles. I'm sharing this idea coz I don't think I can make it fast enough but I'll be happy if someone makes it.\n\nedit: Mechanics is like solids and stripes, players frag each other while trying to pocket giant balls by bumping or by missile shots. Foul shots will make player freeze and vulnerable. No dome so balls dropped will be reset and players going over the edge dies and re-spawns or not depending on game type. \n\nedit: Team wins if they pocketed all their designated balls in order.\n\nedit: long way but it's something [demo](http://benta.space/p)"
4z40io,A game where you get a day of prep before you are suddenly hunted down by everyone.,"**Name:** Manhunt\n\n**Concept Overview:** \n\nIt starts out looking like you're in a nice, friendly city. Can you survive when it suddenly turns against you?\n\n\n**Plot:**\n\nYou're a normal guy with a job, wife, kids, and friends. However, after 24 hours of playtime, the government suddenly puts a bounty on you, and now everybody is hunting you down with the intent of cashing in on the bounty. Your goal is to survive the manhunt for as long as possible.\n\n**Setting:**\n\nA fictional location with a strategic balance of urban centers, suburbs, rural areas, forests, rivers and lakes. Perhaps a swamp or something too.\n\n**Characters:**\n\nThe Player - like I said, starts out as an average joe. Has a job where he makes a moderate paycheck, loves his wife and kids. Just an average Joe that everyone decides to turn on for whatever reason.\n\nThe Player's Wife and Kids - unlike other characters, they won't be looking to kill the players when it starts, unless the player seriously offends them during prep time. They may even help defend the player if he plays his cards right.\n\nOther NPCs - Shopkeepers, people on the street, local politicians, etc. Most of them will try to kill you when the time comes, unless you were particularly nice to them.\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n\nInteraction with people - During prep time, you can talk to people. The way you treat them determines how hesitant they'll be to kill you once the Manhunt starts. The meaner you are, the more bloodlusted they'll be, and the nicer you are, the more likely they are to spare you or even help you. Each character also starts out with a base amount of ""friendliness"", so some people will be easier to win over than others. They'll all start out being willing to kill you though, because money is money, except for your family.\n\nYou'll also be able to collect items during your prep time. You can buy weapons, food, vehicles, and other supplies. Or, I guess, you can steal them, but people won't like that.\n\n**Standout Features:**\n\n- The sudden, disorienting shift between the friendly city you got used to and the manhunt\n\n- The character's choices at the beginning of the game can have a profound impact on the rest.\n\n**Possible Platforms:**\n\nXbox, PS4, etc.\n\n**Extra Features:**\n\n- an end-goal, like getting the government to end the bounty.\n\n- character creation\n\n**How To Credit Me:**\n\nMy reddit username in the credits."
4z32ta,"Simple Game Enhanced with NPC Reactions, Commentary, and Animation","**TL;DR: An adult card game, the twist is instead of just matching cards with pictures of cute girls on them, you force a victim to play the game, matching two cards, and the cards instead depict what will happen to the victim. Read the rest to understand why this isn't labeled Beginner and the Title.**\n\n\n   This started out as a talk in the adultgamedev subreddit, so some of the things talked about here are for **mature readers** as an adult game idea will be described. This started out as a question about what game mechanics work for adult games. Any game mechanic works really, to understand this one needs to understand Mechanics, Dynamics, Aesthetics Framework Game Design Theory. But skipping the 24 google doc paper  that talked about MDA framework, Rhetoric theory, some psychology, as well as one of my own hypothesis of the importance of character communication and more, I ended up trying to describe the working of my own simplified framework for what type of mindset to have when making adult games. But I am guessing that this subreddit isn't about discussing game design philosophy and theories, so I will skip the fancy talk.\n\n\n   Basically, the OP mentioned how those adult card games could barely be considered a good example of an adult game. So I took on the challenge of thinking of a game that uses the match two card game as its main mechanic and still be really good as an adult game. As mentioned in the TL;DR part, instead of just focusing on artwork of girls on the cards, the game would rather focus on one character or sets of characters and sexual acts happening to them. Basically, the idea was to have the cards dictate what happens to the character. \n\n\n   The game would consist of a victim, a girl that is kidnapped... or you could do a guy or a furry, it doesn't matter. In fact, there could be several characters to choose from. They get kidnapped and are subjected to sexualistic punishment. To make this more psychological, you force the victim to play the card game, match two. If the victim picks two cards that don't match they get a shock or something undesirable, like getting kicked, or whatever suits your fancy, there could even be an options menu to choose what happens. But if they pick two that match, such as getting their breast groped, then that happens to them, and that is the basic idea.\n\n\n   Now this can be considered a beginners idea because you can have a simple card game mechanic, and every time you complete one set of choices, you just play the appropriate animation. Easy enough. However, I always like more, and just a game that plays animations would be cool, but I would like more, so I have a few ideas to add to the game that makes it a bit more complex to program and is why this is labeled intermediate.\n\n\n   So one of my major focus is on characters, NPCs and their personalities. I think it is much more interesting to see how a character interacts and reacts to things, so I have thought of a few game mechanics that would allow for some interesting reactions out of the victims. Here are a few of the ideas. Each round will consist of 16 cards or 8 pairs, but 6 of them are more mild things, and 2 are more aggressive. The victim only needs to make 6 matching pairs, so you can play it safe and try and find out all the cards and then match them up to get the easiest treatment before the victim is released. As the character flips over cards, they will add a bit of commentary or a reaction to the cards they find, such as if the find a bad card, such as hot wax, or the wooden horse, they will have a face of panic say oh no, But then you flip the next card and it's a groping card, the victim will sigh in relief before getting shocked for not making a match. Not only that, but there will also be a mechanic (that you can turn on or off if you want it or not) that will let you know which card is which after you flip them. This is because the character will remember cards, so if you flip the same bad card over again on purpose, they won't act surprised if they meant to do it. Now I am talking about how the victim would have motives, it may seem logical that the victim may want the least amount of bad things to happen to them, so you would think they would want to avoid the cards. But here is another game mechanic idea. There are multiple victims to choose from, but you can only kidnap and torture one at a time. As you do this and release them, you are slowly training them to like it. Each time they get kidnapped again, the cards get more aggressive and depending how the game plays out (often you will make accidental matches of two cards) the personality of the victim will change little by little till they eventually like the punishment. You can encourage this in two ways. With the game mechanic that lets you see the cards after you flip them, you will be able to choose what order to flip the matching cards. You could play it safe, or you could flip over two bad cards, or purposefully keep flipping two nonmatching cards, and then you can choose how the character reacts. Such as you could choose to have the character freak out because she forgot where the two bad cards were, and now they are highly resistant to the torment. Or they slowly like it more and more, and so you unlock the ability to make the victim purposefully choose to mismatch cards or bad cards and enjoy the treatment. So this would take a decent framework of systems to enable the different characters to slowly develop and change over time, and that is what I would want to make, and I think these additional systems would warrant an intermediate flair.\n\n\n   Now often I don't like to share most of my ideas just because I am fearful of loosing my idea, not because I worry that someone else will copyright any part about the game, but I worry that I might make the game but someone else took my idea and so now my work looks like a copy cat. But in this case I have no interest in making this game, I am more focused on one of my newer ideas and making art for it, and this idea I used to show how any game mechanic could be used if used right and not really something I personally started. Basically, the idea is that you can enhance most games by somehow incorporating characters into your actions, such as having them react to the things you do, or making what the player does important to other characters, with in reason. I could elaborate more ion details, but like I mentioned before, I don't think this subreddit is about discussing theories of game design, so I will leave it at that. So I am leaving this idea here for anyone who is interested in reading about it.\n\n\n   If anyone is interested in talking more about the idea, other ideas, or an explanation of the theories, just send me a comment. I am often too busy to really do much in game making, but this year I am hoping is different because I am not bringing any of my tools with me to college this year, so hopefully I am working less on robotics, and more on art, animation, music and game making. So if anyone is interested in making any games with me, send me a message."
4z0v6f,MMA game,"I think there needs to be a new mixed martial arts game that gives the player an insight into the actual lives of fighters. Games like EA sports UFC and undisputed are purely just fighting in the cage and some training and they become boring and are all the same. However I think a good game MMA to bring out would be an open world where the player can create their character and choose what gym they want to train at by going around the city and signing up. Basically a more realistic experience. They could then train when the classes are on depending on how much they can afford and pick up skills. To earn money they could get jobs like being a bouncer or collecting debts and use it to pay for more training etc. free roam will be a big part of the game and you can engage in street fights and be a criminal or live by the law. Street fighting would be very fun for the player because the same controls As a pro fight would be used on the street against normal people so you would be able to beat them down a lot quicker and violently. \n\nTraining in this game would be like something never see before. Instead of just clicking options from a menu you would walk in the gym and be able a to communicate with other characters and free roam through the gym and choose what you want to do or take part in classes. \n\nAs the player progresses through the game they would take part in local competitions and of course build their way up to bigger events. If I was producing this game I would try to get different promotionssuch as cage warriors and bellator as well as the ufc to be a part of it so the player can choose which they want to be in and work their way up more realistically. Another cool idea would be to allow them to travel to other places and free roam there such as Brazil or Thailand. Basically it is a game that simulates the actual life of a fighter as well as just the fighting. \n\nDepending on how you finish your opponents and how exciting you are would change how quickly you get noticed and get into the ufc for example. However with this game it is not a guarantee that you will ever get into the ufc. You could fall into the life of fighting many times a year in small competition to earn a living like people in real life do and never make it to the big leagues, so you need to find a way to stand out. You would be able to customise your characters appearance by going to the hairdressers or the gym to weight lift or do cardio or by eating at different places. \n\nAnother cool idea of making it to the ufc as well as climbing your way up would Beto go through the ultimate fighter. Not in the way that you do in the UFC game but actually being able to live in the house with the fighters and roam around and train and Have fun in a new environment. \n\nYou could to to fight events and watch from the crowd or be in the corner. I have more ideas but let me know if anyone thinks this is a cool game idea."
4yy5qv,Post-apocalyptic google maps adventure,"In this game, you would be shown a certain city on a map such as Chicago or New York. The story is that there is a zombie apocalypse, and you start off at a random part of the town marked as an orange blip. You can choose a location to move to, whether you are going to walk or run and the game uses average speeds to tell you how long it will take for you to get there and if you'll be able to make it without collapsing from exhaustion. You can also find cars in certain areas of the town where car parks, parking lots, or just randomly (yet rarely) on the side of the road. Now you can move much further, faster until you run out of fuel. You can also find other survivors and build a safehouse at any building you come across (hence why the game's city options would be limited, as people would have to take the time to mark everything in the city.) Yet, certain buildings would work better for safe houses than others. There should also be military drops, marked by a green blip where you can get better guns, weapons, medical items etc. to better be suited for battle.\n     The combat would basically be a ""who has better items"" mechanic, which makes the military drops very crucial. If you are not armed up enough for battle, then it is better advised to stay away from military drops and team up with others that have strong gear. I have much more in depth ideas, but this is basically the general thought for this game. That's about it."
4yx3dj,A simple and addictive Game I've been working on for last few weeks.,"Hi! This is my second mobile app, you have to get 0 on all numbers. To decrease the number you have to click on tile in its row or column. All levels are generated but it depends on your level. You can even unlock new themes. Have fun!! :)\nHere is the link: \n[Tap to Zero](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stark.taptozero)"
4ywgx7,Pony Express,"You are a rider for the pony express, and while you are riding, you can come across bandits, cowboys, bad weather and other things, and it plays like oregon trail, but most things are top down shooter style."
4yw75j,Levitation game concepts,I am making a game (in Minecraft) that revolves around the player being able to hover in 1.5 second bursts. However I am having trouble thinking of concepts to make the game harder. So far I have pads that will lift you above the ground. Any ideas?
4yvsy6,[Request]Do you have an idea of a game that would be similar to this one?,"I mean [this one](http://zty.pe/) , Id love to make this kind of game but at the same I dont want it to be too similar to the original one, so do you have ideas that could be implemented to make the game different or more different?"
4yvj89,The Box,"I usually make games, but this game is out of my scope :(.\nBasically, it's a puzzle game where you are trapped inside a room and you have to think outside the box to get out (hence the name). You would then progress to the next room. Solutions to puzzles might be in previous rooms and as such, the more rooms you complete, the harder it gets. I'm thinking that all the levels could be inside one big box that you work your way out of in some for of spiral shape and that the game would end with the player finally escaping ""The Box"".\nIt's just an idea but I'd love to see if anyone fancied making it :D"
4ytxiq,You can freeze time and can act while it's frozen. You need to defuse catastrophic situations. You'll see the (successful or failed) outcome when you resume time.,"With all the interesting mechanics we've seen (e.g. rewinding time in ""Life is strange""), this is certainly not just doable, but the time is also right for this.\n\nI'm just watching ""Heroes"" on Netflix (which isn't bad, currently at S1:E7) which inspires this idea. A car is exploding. People are around. Parts will probably fly around. The explosion will probably consume a person or two. Time is frozen. What to do? Which object needs to be moved, changed, used? etc.\n\nThe player could be confronted with all kinds of such situations, can alter them, and when they resume time, the consequences are calculated (e.g. via physics engine, but also people's reactions to things suddenly being (re)moved etc.). A ""simple"" version of this game could come down to a score evaluation of the outcome, but the more sophisticated version that I hope we'll be able to pull off in the coming years is one where the whole game's event development is tied to these situations and their outcomes, possibly even without predefined freeze points but arbitrary (albeit recharging) freezing power, so ideally it would just be a simulation happening over time, and you can ""adjust"" it at will, except you'll have to put up with the many side-effects, the emergent situations etc."
4yt1ed,The Talented Mr. Ripley RPG,"I want a role playing game where actually *playing a role* is the main game mechanic. As such, I think something similar to [*The Talented Mr. Ripley*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Talented_Mr._Ripley) would be a good plot for such a game (although there are many others as well).  \n\nBy learning more about your subjects (observing how they speak, reading their diaries, adopting their mannerisms and clothes) you would begin to play a role to convince NPCs that you are someone other than yourself and to complete various objectives.\n\n"
4yruji,Coffee Slide idea (idea based around HTC Vive),"A very simple idea, you have to drive from the coffee store to your house, but with one catch. There is no other space in your car, so you have to put your coffee on top of your dashboard.  \n  \nThe coffee cup would slide across the top of the dashboard depending on how you drove. The turns would make the coffee cup swing to one side of the car, and if it went too fast, it would fall over and spill.  \n  \nIf you hit the brakes too fast, the coffee cup would go forwards, if you accelerated too fast, the coffee cup would go towards you.  \n  \nHere is the way you can prevent the cup from spilling.  \n-drive slow and get honked at, you can only get honked at 5 times, until someone gets road rage and fights you. (you lose the game)  \n  \n-hold the cup. You can only hold it for 3 seconds before your hand gets burnt. If your hand gets burnt 3 times, you lose. The way you tell if your hand is getting burnt is the color. If you touch the coffee cup, your hand turns from the normal skin color to red.  \n  \nThe way you win the level is by getting to your house. Each level you complete has a longer distance to your house, the longest one taking about 20 minutes at the fastest speed possible.\n  \n"
4yqz47,Anyone have a simple singleplayer game idea? for fun looking to make one and i'm idealess,
4yp01a,Help mi to name my puzzle game where player has to reach every number to 0 (will be released soon),
4yobmp,Creating your 2D game idea.,"Hello, I am a programmer and I have run out of ideas for games. So please submit your 2D game ideas either by PMing me or commenting publicly."
50jxix,Android Game Development Ideas,Guys give me ideas for a 2d game where you require to get an high score.I am willing to start a new project.
50ikvj,Medieval Multiplayer Monster Murderer,"I was thinking of a game in the vein of shadow of the colossus and the Dark souls series, where the enemy just seems so powerful and through trial and error you learn how to take them down.\n\nImagine dozens of players armed with swords, spears and bows try to take down a dragon or some other fantastical behemoth. You and your comrades are just dropped into a random part of a countryside, you see a huge squid-lion/cyclops off in the distance and you quickly try to figure out the best way to kill, maybe salt can kill it, maybe dryad blood poisons it or maybe you just have to throw as many bodies at like a bunch of ants until it finally dies. \n\nIt's dead you lost maybe 90% of your team but you killed it, after you harvest its corpse for resources on to the next one."
50ikqo,Make the job fit the crew,"You're saddled (anchored?) with a bunch of hopeless, mad, bad, and disagreeable characters who share nothing but a need for coin, leaving post haste and hilariously poor life expectancy.\n\nYou need to find a job which everyone disagrees the least about, that pays anyone you can't ""charm"", and has a reservation firmly ringed by vacuum. Now! Undermine, sidestep or even complete the mission so that the right people join the petunia missionaries, hare off after a nemesis or report you to the authorities, inching your way towards a team that isn't actively self-combusting.\n\nManipulate your way into a working misunderstanding of a team with goals the sane (you) understand, prosper through misinformation, test loyalties, perform ""spontaneous"" heroics, and all in all concoct disintegrating plots at speed as you misadventure."
50icsj,A Witcher 3-esque game set in the modern age,"Basically a game with monsters and other mythical creatures set in the modern day.Everyone has seen monster based games and other things like that but all of them seem to be set in a time period that looks like the past, but I don't recall ever seeing anything depicting how the modern society would have developed with mythical creature roaming around.I don't think It's an easy concept to do in a game but it'll sure be something new."
50ic9b,Time loop FPS,"2 players, where one is a power fantasy and the other is (eventually) the army of mooks. Starting with 1 redshirt, you respawn as a distinct clone at the beginning of the fight while your past self repeats his actions and the hero adapts. If the OP character holds out for x amount of time he wins."
50huhb,Fight to see who is the one true *username*,Ranking system to prevent duels til the end of time.
50hpcn,Sandbox medieval castle capture!,"Hello,\n\nA game where 1 team (preferably smaller than the other) has to defend a castle against invaders.\n\nThe twist being there aren't any NPC troops, just the attAckers and defenders.\n\nThe attackers have a wide selection of tools to use (including catapults, grappling hooks, slingshots, and suction cups, etc.) once inside, the attackers must defeat the defenders with what little equipment they have. The most damaging method is to hit while they land (from the catapult or slingshot).\n\nThe defenders have a large arsenal of weapons (and armour) including:\nCrossbows\nLongbows\nHunting bows\nBows\nSpears (throwable)\nNinja stars\nSlingshot (shoots rocks)\nBrooms\nCrowbars\nSwords.\n\n\nThis is a 3D fps game with comedic elements meant to be played with a group of friends, but with the possibility of online play as well.\n\nAll I ask for is keeping me updated :)\n\nP.S. Create a split screen mode"
50ho93,Hypothetical/inevitable superhero MMO,"Firstly, VR and motion sensing. Secondly, everyone starts with random powers in the same city, Misfits style. Don't kill me! Let me explain.\n\nRandomly assigned powers do 2 things; avoid boringly similar, invincible heroes, making the players who lucked out actually special. and gives everyone this [moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk9_340xqeU). When you and your friends join the game on launch day, you'll be trying every hilarious thing you can to discover your powers without dying. Which brings me to my next point; whenever you die, you receive a new set of powers unknown to you. It gives the game the weight it needs and the variety.\n\nHowever, there will be ways to change your powers. Some players will have ""power broker"" powers, allowing you to transfer abilities from one to another. The really good stuff will naturally be harder to acquire. There will also be equipment which seeks out the right owner, ala green lantern rings, or can be claimed by the worthy, i.e Mjolnir.\n\nIf your super power is ""I'm incredibly rich"", things will be a bit more obvious. Background and appearance will otherwise be entirely up to players. In-game origin stories will be optional.\nSo, we've got lots of players wandering around a city trying to go super, jump into traffic to test their invulnerability and so on. Soon enough, someone will crack it. They'll wreck house... and the game begins. Players run for cover. Abilities which needed stress suddenly get it. By the end of the day, almost everyone's figured it out.\n\nThe world is starting to look pretty ugly by this point. Spontaneous joyous brawls across the planet are going over it like a rolling pin. When the players realise this isn't being rebuilt, panic. That's when they discover the gate.\n\nSo, if you want to live, you need to leave earth 1. Good thing there's a multiverse to choose from. The players scatter to the 4 winds; countless servers and instances emerge, each one offering independent territory to players. If you want to be the only hero in Gotham, journey to a undiscovered, well hidden server and begin your reign of fear. If you want to be a bit more metropolitan, follow the rumour mill to a player cluster. If you're brave, return to the ruins of earth 1 and find it's secrets, if you dare.\n\nEvery day, there's a new ""noob universe"" for the fresh faces. Some of them may even survive mostly intact.\n\nNow i admit, i don't know how feasible that many servers/instances will be.\n\nWhat do you think?"
50hghv,WW2 MMO FPS,"This game would be like Minecraft Factions.A Nation Would result players that would help them in battles to gain more land.If you lose a Battle you would be put on a smaller server,like clash of clans.Battles would be like CS:GO."
50h47z,Mind Answering A Question to Help With My Game Idea?,"I am currently working on a game, but want some input/inspiration for my story. I have one particular part I am lacking on so if you could answer these 2 questions to help me, I would really appreciate it.\n\nIf you found yourself in a world where you couldn't remember who you were, and you were the only one there, what would be your purpose? Also why are you there?\n\nYour answers can be anything. Any realm or such."
50gh5a,An apothecary game about making money from experimenting with ingredients and creating recipes,"*Disclaimer:* Yes I know I have been posting a lot of game ideas. These ideas have been knocking around my head for a long time. \n\n**Name:** Alchemist's Cradle\n\n**Concept Overview:**\n\nYou are an alchemist, working in service of the Kingdom. You have set up a small apothecary, and are experimenting with ingredients to try and create powerful new elixirs and potions for the constant battles the kingdom faces. \n\n**Plot:**\n\nNo real plot, just some exposition and backstory. \n\n**Setting:**\n\nStart with the main character in first person view, and you have a little run down room, with a bench, and some apothecary equipment - a mortar and pestle, a cauldron on a fire, a cutting board, a plant press, and a still. The things can be upgraded as times go along. \n\n**Characters:**\n\nThe main character is unnamed, of no specific gender, and you don't see them at all. \n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n\nYou have a stock of basic ingredients. You can do various things with the ingredients - grinding them with a mortar, boiling them, pressing them, running them through a still. \n\nThe ingredients have all different benefits and drawbacks. You first treat the ingredients, and then distill them into elixirs. You then test them on a prisoner (so you go next door to the prison), and see what happens. You then get the details on what the potion does. You can then pull up a screen, and see what the King's apothecaries will pay for the new potion or poison, and you can choose to sell it there, or try to improve it further. \n\nYou don't know what the ingredients do to start with, but discover them as you put them into potions (kind of in the theme of TES). Different combinations of processing will show different properties, both good and bad. They list themselves under the ingredient on a tab you can bring up. \n\nYou can do all sorts of processing. You could just grind them and put them in the potion, press them and take the extract, boil them whole, or crush them and put them in the still, chop them up, or any combination of these, and more, all to find how to get the greatest property strength. The whole key to the game is experimentation. When you find a potion or poison you like, and have figured out how to make it as strong as possible, you can sell it to the King's apothecaries for profit. \n\nYou can use that cash to buy new ingredients, new setups, and that sort of thing. You aren't making bulk potions to sell, you are trying to find specific recipes to sell. Sometimes the apothecaries will ask for a potion with specific properties, with a large bonus for completing the task. \n\nI am envisioning there being potentially being hundreds of ingredients - minerals, animal products, plants, and fungi - with tens of different ways to process each one, and lots of different properties, from boosting stats, to healing and restoring mana, to various ways of poisoning - things like contact poisons, weapon poisons, food and drink poisons, and even things like truth serums. \n\n**Standout Features:**\n\nThe most standout feature is the sheer scope of experimentation that there is in the game. \n\n**Possible Platforms:**\n\nCould be online, a PC game, or on any other platform, really. \n\n**Extra Features:**\n\nGood potential for DLCs on console and PC - new buildings, upgraded equipment and more ingredients. \n\n**How To Credit Me:**\n\nJust give me a shoutout somewhere, I would like to suggest ingredients and effects, too. Happy to skype to discuss my vision further. "
50fiu3,pioneer planet (rpg/4x),"*""It's as if they did nothing but make culture all day.""*\n\nThe year is 2,012,518. A new culturally-rich, rocky ghost planet has been discovered orbiting a small middle-aged yellow star, and miners, researchers, and treasure-hunters have come to plunder it. Every day, you descend from your low-orbiting single-unit spacecraft to scavenge and eke out a living.\n\nThe surface is a wasteland, scraped clean by acid storms and fungal blooms, but underneath, strange animals live among vast ruins, where the most well-preserved artifacts are found.\n\n**- locations .**\n\n&gt;-*the fungal desert*: large swathes of the planet have been overtaken by a powdery white fungus that grows in fields of unusual anvil shapes. The deserts are inaccessible except for massive floating barges carrying large, disposable spore filters\n\n&gt;-*petrified forests*: supposedly haunted by the spirits of their former flora and fauna, these once-complex ecosystems have been turned to stone by geologic processes\n\n&gt;-*glass plains*: many areas of the planet’s land areas are wind-swept expanses of silicon, dotted sparsely with heaps\n\n&gt;-*heaps*: piles of debris from former civilizations, often yielding valuable materials and concealing entrances to underground ruins containing valuable artifacts\n\n&gt;-*ruins*: cramped or cavernous spaces that have been more or less preserved and previously plundered\n\n&gt;-*acid oceans*: largely unexplored, and only accessible by short-lived probes\n\n&gt;-*the moon*: the sole moon of the planet is a lifeless near-vacuum, and thus employed for government and corporate offices\n\n&gt;-*your ship*: your basic sleeper ship can be expanded, but continued access to the planet depends on strict outfit restrictions and orbit approval\n\nThe lizard menace is also exploiting the planet, and down on the surface, shamefully, some of our people have begun to socialize and work with the savages. Although this sector is under a local truce, remember that all around the galaxy, our brethren are at war, and trading with lizards means tribunal.\n\nAs a pioneer, you can serve the nation in many ways:\n\n&gt;-*archaeology*: the unearthing and analysis of ancient cultural artifacts\n\n&gt;-*mining*: the extraction of useful or valuable materials that were concentrated by the planet’s geological processes and lifeforms\n\n&gt;-*zoology*: the study of the planet’s fungal-based ecology, and the remnants of its former lifeforms\n\nYour work may be hampered by the nascent pirate menace, which is flourishing despite our strict immigration controls. You may also encounter illegal settlers, pioneers who have abandoned their work and inexplicably choose to lead wretched lives in permanent communities on the surface. Trading with pirates or settlers means tribunal.\n\n**. your suit -**\n\nFeatures an internal atmosphere, biometric monitors, limited spore filtration, nutrition ports, projectile refraction, crush resistance, and magnetic gravity compatibility.\n\n**- orbit  .**\n\nPioneers arriving to the planet are automatically assigned to a vacant orbit that spends at least 2% of every day above viable frontier land, which is open for exploitation. Surveyors are often given a wide band to orbit which is pre-cleared for them for the time of their survey. Straying from your assigned orbit will draw the attention of the authorities and must be explained. Even in emergency situations, pilots must attempt to maintain the direction of their craft in order to minimize the risk of intersecting with another orbit, and failing to do so means tribunal.\n\n**. the frontier -**\n\nis accessible, undeveloped land that has been determined likely to contain valuable archaeological, biological, or mineral sites. Serious mining cannot take place here due to the lack of mechanization, though the area is riddled with mining company agents searching for the next big node. Other work for frontiersmen includes treasure-hunting and the collection of rare biological specimens, for public good or private gain. Some sites within the frontier are closed to exploration, either for pioneer safety or historical preservation, and trespassing must be explained and may mean tribunal.\n\n**- your site .**\n\nIf you choose to quit the frontier life, you may acquire a regular work site by contracting with a surveyor, or by surveying one yourself. You can develop your site with many kinds of digs, extractors, testing devices, security implements, and even domiciles for long-term planetary deployment. Sites are not allowed in certain protected areas, but much frontier land is likely to be approved for development in the future.\n\nYou can also gain regular employment at a work site by partnering with another pioneer or by joining a work crew. Some partners and crews choose to live together on site, while others continue to use their sleeper ships.\n\n**. drones -**\n\nMuch of your utilitarian work can be assisted by or accomplished with the use of more or less specialized drones, which may be capable of: \n\n&gt;-wheeled, legged, or floating locomotion\n\n&gt;-flight and underwater operation\n\n&gt;-construction and demolition\n\n&gt;-landscaping and earth displacement\n\n&gt;-signal detection, transmission, and recording\n\n&gt;-sample extraction, storage, and transport\n"
50ffn1,The End (Dungeon-like game)," Hi, this is my first time doing something like a post and i might make a lot of mistakes and have rusty edges, (its hard for me to explain myself) but i just want this idea of mine to be out there, and im open to any kind of criticism (be it bad, good, or only making points to where im lacking, and if there is any question i will try my best to answer it to the fullest), so... here is what i came up with.\n \nPERSPECTIVE: What i want its kind of a realistic development for the characters in a 3rd person click-and-slash fantasy RPG (I want for the player to feel the pain of going through all the problems they might encounter, like if it were in real life). Looking something like The Surge ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Kp8zWibhIQ ) but with its respective story and gameplay.\n\n\n PLACEMENT: Basically you are in a dungeon-labyrinth-like cave that has floors and it goes deeper and deeper (making the enemies obviously harder and harder, but even the difference between floor 1 and 2 is very notorious, making so that making parties will become something necessary (you will still be able to do it solo, but the difference of difficulty will be obvious, since you will need the support of teammates)), each floor will be massive and have a unique (i have this idea thinking of a coop game o MMO, which i know is hard, but that is why is just an idea), at the start of the first floor there will be this ONLY ""town"" (since it will make no sense that people will start living inside the deeper floors) so making preparations to go deeper will be necessary.\n At the end of each floor there will be a boss, who, by defeating him you will be able to go to the next floor (keep in mind that the boss will literally be the hardest monster in the floor you are currently in, so going through the floor trying to get the best you can from it will not be a bad idea)\n\n\n WEAPONS: i was thinking that instead of classes there will be weapons that each one of those have a especial tree skill and you will be able to unlock new abilities from your stats and your prowesses with that weapon (ex. if you use a a sword-shield you will acquire a more defensive type of skills, or is you use a double hand sword these will become more attack type, or if it is a staff it will be a more magic type), and it will be extremely difficult to progress with the weapon but on the long way if you are able to fully domain it you will be able to exploit all its potential.\n\n\n CHARACTER: There will be races that each of them will have different base stats (ex. Humans will have everything 10 ((STR, INT, AGL, LCK, etc.)) while elf will have the points distributed to INT and AGL, and so on and so on).\n For each time that you level-up you will be granted 3 point to add to your basic stats (again, it will become difficult to level-up) so you will have to know to what kind of character you will be focusing, or you might even want make some strange combo of a wizard with high Physical Defenses with less magic power and so.\n\n\n JOBS: At the first town you will be able to learn a job (ex. blacksmith, alchemist, cook, etc.) where each job will have its own responsibilities, like the alchemist will be in charge of producing potions, blacksmith will produce the weapons and armor, the cook will the able to cook in the floors and be able to survive longer (if you wish to do solo).\n\n \n RARITY: (Normal, Rare, Very Rare, Epic, Legendary, Myth) being each one of those literally like they sound, making farming for rare items even harder and more realistic.\n\n\n ENEMIES: the enemies of each floor will be respectively for each floor (or maybe if im short on resources, repeat them on deeper floors with higher stats and some changes) and depending on where do you hit it it will have different drops (like The Surge), but those with rare items and armor will be rarely seen since (just like the name says) those are RARE to encounter and will have higher stats or way different abilities.\n\n\n (As i have said, im new in this about posting or even trying to explain something like this, so i will be updating the post whenever i have more ideas or for redoing some parts)\n Thanks for reading this far and i wish you liked the idea (even if its incomplete and will need much more polish to be what i wish it to be). Atte: Bachest"
50f0sh,How about a game where you have to kill candles with skulls for heads wit chairs,*with
50eyg3,American invasion game idea,"Most games focus on the americans being invaded by a certain stereotypical bad country or alliance like Russia,China or terrorists. Why not make a game where instead of playing as america, you play as a middle eastern country ,russia,china,etc.(character) Defending his nation against the americans. Fps/third-person"
50exy3,Sam's world,[deleted]
50ewee,You work in a cafe and you have to poison VIPs without getting caught,
50dvhb,Angry Bird Wars,"Like angry birds, but two players both have slingshots at the top of fortresses. You have to destroy the other player's fortress before they destroy yours. For each battle you win, you get points to buy more birds (You get one free red bird for each battle, and you can buy more reds, or some yellows or bombs, etc.)"
50duz2,Angry Birds: Pig Mode,"The player has to build a fortress to protect an Angry Birds pig, and other players will try to knock it down with birds. For every player that fails at knocking it down, you get a point that goes towards new building materials."
50dk1t,Drifty Tanks,"So this is a game I've already semi made for a school project, and I would like to finish it up and make it better but first I need to know if it is a good idea, and if it isn't, is there a way to make it better. \n\n*I'm not advertising the game just trying to see if it is worth finishing*\n\nGame Name: Drifty Tanks\n\nGame type: Top down 2D\n\nWhat makes it different: As the title suggests the tanks drift..a lot..they are harder than you would think to Controll therefore adding a more fun environment, or goal to the game. \n\nGame Concept: Right now there are two gamemodes in the game, Deathmatch and KnockOut. Both of these are Spiltscreen. The camera is fixed and stays in one spot so that you can see the whole map and the tanks are controlled with W, A, S, and D to move, and E to shoot. And the other controller are the Arrow keys to move and  Right Shift to shoot. \n\nDeathmatch: In Deathmatch the objective is to be the first player to 10. You get one point every time you shoot your oppent. There is not infinite ammo, instead each player generates ammo at a rate of one ammo every three seconds, and you can hold a maximum of 6 ammo. \n\nKnockOut: Because the tanks drift and are hard to Controll this gamemode is harder than it sounds with a simple objective..knock the other player into a wall. If you touch a wall in knock you die, in KnockOut there is no shooting, just pushing each other with your tanks.\n\nThat was a lot of words, thanks for taking the time to read through it, I was originally going to stop making this game but then my friend asked me about it so I wanted to get some more opinions on it. So..good? Bad? Improvements?"
50by1r,Agnostic God mechanic for 4X-type game,"I was thinking of a game mechanic where the player does not know if god exists or not.When the game begins it would ask itself does god exist? How long is this true? And what are the chances that this will change? \n\nPotentially you could play an entire game without a god, one where god is always active or one where god is active a random intervals, the point being it would be difficult to tell whether god exists. The player is never told whether god exists instead they are led to imply their (non)existence due to random(?) occurrences throughout each play-through. A drought, a good harvest, a cure being found for a sickness, the sudden death of an enemy or ally. These type of events would happen throughout the game leaving the player to decide whether these events are random or not.\n\nThe player never interacts with god directly, instead like in reality they make offerings; this could be in the form of tithes to the church, works of art, idols made in their name, harvest, animal sacrifice, worship and prayer.The player would have to decide and find a balance as each of these actions would either give up resources or take away from available man-power. Is the worship of this god taking away from precious work time or is their worship keeping things flowing smoothly?\n\nAnother aspect is what kind of god are you dealing with. Does this god prefers gifts of grain or do they prefer human sacrifice do they prefer large monuments in their honor or the constant worship of their followers. Every miracle/plague would have the player wondering what did they do to please/anger god and trying to figure out how to encourage/resolve it while also dealing with the fact that there may not even be a god in the first place."
50bk0e,[Request] Suggest me game mechanics to a hunting game,"As the title says, please suggest me any game feature to my hunting game ( like in Far Cry Primal ) which would make it more fun and non-linear. I've mentionted this idea in my previous post ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/4zu0s6/5_random_game_ideas/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link),\nbut now I'm actually on it!\n\nI've set up some basic environment for the game ( basically a forest with animals) and made a basic fps controller with a working bow. \n\nTell me your opinion about this idea and please suggest me some features.\n\n\n"
50b9vb,An incremental game about building a universe,"**Name:** Incremental Universe\n\n**Concept Overview:**\n\nThe general idea is that you build a universe star-by-star\n\n**Plot:**\n\nIncremental game, so no real plot\n\n**Setting:**\n\nStart in a black screen. \n\n**Characters:**\n\nNone\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n\nEach click generates a star. At first, you can only create short lived red stars, and each star gives resources before it dies. Speed goes fast, about a billion years per minute. As you gain resources, you can buy nebulae and the like to generate stars for you, and there are different ranks of nebulae which produce different ratio of star types. The star types could be as follows (in order of rarity): \n\n- Class M Red Dwarf: Small stars with low resource generation, and no resource bonuses. Collapse in around 500 million years. Most common star in the game. \n- Class M Red Giant: Higher resource generation, but generally similar to Red Dwarf stars. Give a small bonus to resources when it dies. Lives about 750 million years. \n- Class M Red Supergiant: Rarest of the Class M Red stars. Very low resource per second, but go supernova, giving a large bonus to resources at the end of it's life - around 300 million years. \n- Class K Orange MS: These give medium output for around 500 million years, before changing to red dwarf stars for another 500 million years\n- Class G Yellow MS: Give medium to high output. These stars are where resource output becomes a reliable factor. They live for around 7 billion years, before turning into a Class M Red Supergiant\n- Class G Yellow Supergiant: These stars give less resources, and live about 3 billion years. When they die, they give a large amount of resources, and create a new nebulae in it's place, spawning mostly Class M stars, and the occasional Class K star\n- Class F White MS: These are rock solid stars. They live about 8 billion years, before turning to Class G Yellow MS stars for about a billion years, and then to a Class M Red Supergiant for about 200 million years. \n- Class A Blue/White MS: These are short lived - around 400 million years - but give a high amount of resources, before turning into Class M Red Dwarf stars\n- Class B Blue MS: These deliver a high amount of resources, for around 4 billion years before turning into Class K stars. \n- Class B Blue Giant: This star is a stellar workhorse, lasting 20 billion years, with a medium resource generation. Turn into Class A Blue/White stars after they die. \n- Class B Blue Supergiant: These are short lived stars - around 750 million years, before detonating into a very high resource gain supernova, and spawning several hundred Class M Red Dwarves when they do\n- Class O Blue MS: This is the third rarest star, living around 40 billion years and giving a high output of resources. When it dies, it turns into a Class F MS star, and following that progression.\n- Class O Blue Giant: Second rarest star, and greatly coveted. This star gives a very high output for around 20 billion years, before collapsing into a large nebula, which produces large quantities Class G stars, occasionally Class F stars, and rarely, a Class A star\n- Class O Blue Supergiant: The rarest and most coveted star. Gives an extreme amount of resources for 1.5 billion years, before collapsing into a massive supernova, and leaving behind several nebulae which produce copious amounts of Class B stars. But they are very rare stars, maybe one in 3,000,000 stars\n\nWhen the player has reached a sufficient level of resources, they can collapse their universe, and gain dark matter and dark energy. Dark matter alters the rarity of stars, giving higher chances of spawning rarer stars from the get go, and dark energy can be used to upgrade stars to last longer, give more resources, and die to create bigger supernovae and better classes of stars. \n\n\n**Standout Features:**\n\nThe most standout feature, is that this has not been done in an incremental game, and has features from different types of incremental games that haven't been put together before. \n\n**Possible Platforms:**\n\nOnline\n\n**Extra Features:**\n\nCould possibly do upgrades for Kreds on Kongregate, and similar websites to make money for the dev. \n\n**How To Credit Me:**\n\nJust give me a shoutout somewhere. I will provide you with my IRL name if you decide to go ahead with it. "
509uu8,"Parkour Game With a Few ""Twists"".","So in this game you play as a cube, you have to go through 150 Stages of Parkour, One block changes every stage. That's twist 1. \nTwist 2. Is where you CANT jump. You can only go left and right. = A and D are the controls. BBBBUUUUUTTTT u can jump. you may think that ive said that you cant jump, but this is kinda just a power up in a way. you only have 3 JUMPS! for the whole game. what do you guys think? PEACE!"
509ayp,Huge RTS lasting several days including several players.,"First off I would like to thank /u/Jimmyl2014 for giving me the idea for this from his post. \n\nAnyways,\n\n-Gameplay: \nMap mechanics similar to most turn based RTS games. Matches containing huge amounts of players (Think of those big battles that happen on eve online), matches lasting weeks (think of the mobile game subterfuge), and territorial control of factions (think eve online, again)\n\nEach new game has a procedurally generated map which contains hexes. There are different hexes, some which grant positive, negative, and neutral effects.\n\nEach player can make a move anytime, but doing so requires time. Based on the action, it could take several minutes to a few hours. Each game would last about a week due to the sheer size.\n\nYour goal is to destroy everybody else, along with your faction.\n\nEach player can either join, or create a faction. If you create one, you can choose to surrender it to another faction, combining the two to make 1. If you join a faction, you must stay loyal to it. (Can't leave unless you are a spy, or if you've only joined for &gt;12h). Each faction has different ranks, ranging from Emperor, to Recruit. There are also special roles - like spy - which grant special abilities.\n\nThe combat will be NPCs only. However, a player could always fight alongside his NPC comrades. The players avatar is stronger than the traditional NPC. (The player doesn't actually control his avatar during the fight, but it does help to have him there) if the players avatar dies during a fight, then he's eliminated.\n\nOnce eliminated, you're still in the match, but can't speak to anyone except other eliminated. However, you may speak to the alive players only when you're summoned (you get summoned if the player does a religious ceremony).\n\nPlayers can have many games being played at once\n\n-Visuals:\nThe setting is space.\n\nIt's small 3D models viewed from a top down perspective.\n\nFog of war enabled allowing you to only see a few hexes away from your own (unless you have a sonar station). you can see what your other faction members sees.\n\n-Hexes:\nYou can capture a hex once certain conditions are met:\nNo hostiles in the hex\nHave your own troops in the hex\nMust be touching another friendly hex (doesn't have to be yours, could be a faction members)\n\nEach hex generates a different amount of resources.\n\nDepending on the hex, it could generate a lot of one resource, but none Of another.\n\nYou could build bases on the hexes. 1 base per hex. Could be used for defence, offence (making troops), resources, or civilization (generate population).\n\nWhen an enemy captures a hex, the current base becomes theirs (unless it's too damaged)\n\n-Factions:\nCreated every match by the players\n\nIf you create one, you could surrender it to another, making one combined faction.\n\nFactions must be very cooperative, and communicative.\n\nFactions can create alliances with other factions. This doesn't mean the friendly faction is to be trusted as it could turn its back on you anytime.\n\n---------------\n\nWhat do you think? If anyone has even the slightest interest in creating this, let me know, so. I can continue :)\n\nAlso, please provide feedback as it's appreciated "
506hx4,Post-Post Apocalyptic survival and exploration game,"You play as a robotic AI left over from the ""before"", re-programed by a group of inquisitive humans living in a research center from the before. Your goal, explore the landscape, and piece back the history of the world, finding what the ""before"" was like, and why it crumbled. Be careful, however, because although there is no raiders, no zombies, no mutant bears, flash floods are common, storms even more so, and earthquakes frequently rock the landscape. "
506aue,"Escape from New York :: you play as Snake Plisskin, rampaging around a walled-in, post-disaster, gang-controlled, anarchic NYC, doing Ubisoft-style [asscreed, farcry, etc] open-world Stuff while scavanging, murdering endless dudes, and dropping quips","Yes, I understand this is an IP-based big-studio idea and therefore not super useful to people in this sub, but it's an idea and I really want it to happen.  :]\n\n---\n\nedit: obviously, you're supposed to rescue the president's daughter\n\n**[Here's the whole movie on YouTube.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt4XeXzjy2c)**"
5058nk,Save the Earth! (Yet another space sim),"There are quite a few space sims coming out, or already released, and they look great, and I can't wait to play them. However I'll keep an eye out for a game like this someday. If there is one similar out now, by all means let me know, I love space and scifi games!\n\n**Key Elements**\n\n-Minimalistic space-sim-ish with an emphasis on visuals/graphics. (gameplay is still integral, just not as focused as other sims).\n\n-Minimal, uncluttered UI. \n\n-Portions of the game, if not entirety, in first person view. (I.E. not some ambiguous floating view thousands of miles away viewing the entire galaxy.) Perhaps the player shifts between views of robots at various locations around the solar system.\n\n-Research, build, and test. If the planet is destroyed, (or a set portion of it), you lose and must start that scenario over.\n\n-Short game, maybe an hour or two tops.\n\n-Set in the distant future.\n\n**Premise**\n\n-You must prevent the Earth from being destroyed by natural disasters, gaining in difficulty at each successive victory. \n\n-Large scale disasters like: Super-volcanoes, asteroid impacts, alien invasion, gamma ray bursts, supernova, black-holes... etc\n\n**Features**\n\n-A core mechanic includes being able to fast forward time.\n\n-Carefully manage your time, by researching technology and harvesting resources.\n\n-As time progresses, technology increases, but the threat draws closer. *Should you have invested all your money into those nukes, or researched that ion cannon instead?*\n\n**Resources, such as**\n\n-Time\n\n-Money\n\n-Materials\n\n-Energy\n\n**Potential Scenarios (maybe like 10 max)**\n\n-Create robots to mine planets.\n\n-Develop energy cannons to fend off comets or aliens.\n\n-Research methods to harness energy. \n*Put a Dyson swarm in orbit around the sun... if you can afford it.*\n\n*Earth overpopulated? Terraform Mars!*\n\n*Black hole appear out of nowhere going to destroy the planet? It's a good thing you researched that wormhole and a way to push the Earth through it!*\n\nThere's only so many ways the Earth could be destroyed (that we know of) and only so many ways to protect it, so the content is necessarily limited.\n\nIt's probably just a dream game due to the scale I imagine it. However, maybe not; I do wan't to keep it as simple as possible (for a space game). Kinda' Artsy (Think kubrick and 2001). Universe Sandbox doesn't look too bad, even for Unity. I love seeing accurately rendered planets, visually and physically, in games.\n\n**TL:DR**\n\nProtect Earth from dying to various disasters by researching, creating, and testing different methods and technologies."
503spd,Stealth Game with a Vampire as my first Indie Game,[removed]
503nth,"A Risk-style MMORPG with set server limits (per timeslot), and massive faction-based warfare","**Name:** I can't think of a decent name at the moment, lol\n\n**Concept Overview:**\n\nThe whole concept is that there are a set number of players per server, maybe 2000-3000. \n\nEach has their own plot of land, so to speak. Players can then choose what they want to do with their plot - mining, manufacturing, farming, etc. \n\nPlayers then can engage in PvP with nearby factions to take over these other small factions. When a faction is taken over, it is absorbed into the attacking players faction, and the player of the taken over faction then joins the attacking faction and works for them, in a sort of guild-like fashion. \n\nPlayers will be able to buy and ""manufacture"" NPC units to be able to defend their plot of land, but the NPC units will not be as powerful as individual players are, they are maybe 80% of the strength - still a challenge, but not enough to steamroll a dedicated group of players. \n\nThe NPC units are stronger when the player is offline, to prevent other players from just attacking and taking over when the player goes offline.\n\nWhen the player accrues resources, they can sell and trade them with other factions on a server-wide market, but the kicker is that the goods have to be moved manually, by players. This means that a smaller faction can create a great deal of disruption and mischief in a larger faction who they cannot take on, face-to-face, by raiding their supply lines and stealing resources. This is the core concept of the game. It is one that is not just brute force, but also a play of subterfuge and shadow tactics. \n\n**Plot:**\n\nThere is no specific plot. The whole bent of the game is that the direction and scope of play is dictated by the players who are playing.\n\n**Setting:**\n\nThe setting is that the area was once a great nation that was wiped out by a deadly disease, leaving massive open spaces of land for the taking. Players are enterprising frontiersmen who go to carve out their own new life in these now wild and overgrown lands. \n\n**Characters:**\n\nThere are no set abilities in the game apart from a generic starter set (find ore, basic offence and defence, some farming abilities, etc). The players abilities and powers grow organically, as they start to play their role in the world. \n\n- Miners will, over time, start to grow skills that allow them to better identify and exploit ore veins and to extract more resources from the ore that they mine and process into tradeable ingots\n- Farmers, likewise, will start to grow their crops faster (the crops being the resource with which to produce units, and to allow them to field more units - soldiers need to eat, after all). \n- Those who trade will be able to move faster with their loads, and gain defensive skills to ward off raiders\n- Raiders will start gain alpha damage output abilities, and stealth abilities to better set up ambushes and fast hit-and-run attacks, as well as bonuses against NPCs\n- Player Soldiers and mercenaries will gain defensive and offensive skills to better allow them to fight on the battlefield\n- Craftsman of weapons and armour will produce better quality armours and weapons, as well as start to be able to imbue their products with special effects, making them very valuable to their factions. \n- Bounty hunters will gain abilities to better counter player's abilities powers and abilities\n\nNote that these roles are not ones that are chosen, rather they set after a period of time where they fulfill the prerequisites for that role. They can change, if the player suddenly decides to make a change, to say mining after being a soldier for a time. This allows factions owners to better manage their players. Of course, player will comes into it, so the faction owners cannot force players to do something against their will, but they can implement monetary bonuses, as well as skill boosts, for those who do switch over to something that the faction owner decides the faction needs.\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n\nThe core mechanic is the power of free will. The player group as a whole decides the factions that do well, over those who do not do well. Factions can succeed, and gain huge power and resources, or be brought to their knees by other factions, sometimes collapsing completely to it's substituent one-player factions, if the faction owner's personal territory is taken. \n\n**Standout Features:**\n\nThe standout feature is the focus on PvP, as well as the players potentially becoming permanently known for winning a server round. The players who do win would have their names permanently attached to the servers as prior winners. It's essentially a Risk-style MMORPG. \n\n**Possible Platforms:**\n\nThis could easily work on any platform, as the basic core components would work well with both keyboard and mouse, and controllers. \n\n**Extra Features:**\n\nThat could be determined ahead of time, I would like to leave that up to anyone who does decide to make the game. \n\n**How To Credit Me:**\n\nI would love to be brought on as a (non-paid) consultant, to lend my vision of the game to help make it the best that it can be. \n\nOr if the dev team is particularly enthused by my idea, I would be happy to relocate, and help in a hands-on role in the creation of the game. While I have no game development skills, I have a strong natural skillset that is very much geared towards non-technical creative roles. "
503mwg,Zombie survival game,"Game that only has 5000 copies for each continent and 5000 for worldwide. You have to survive for 365 days based on real time. zombies will increase the more days pass. Once you die you can never come back again, that's it you're finish no more game for you. The food resource would only be 60% so if you want to live you want to scavenge the food before someone else does or you can steal food If your food bar runs out you will slowly die. The river water will look different whether it's contaminated or not. There will only be 30% firearms!For knifes and some kind of stuff you can find it in houses. You have to be in a very safe place when you logged out,a place where no zombies can reach you!!You can build defenses by gathering resources from malls or whatever place that sells sh*ts that can help you build defense.  You can download an app on your ios mobile to alert you when someone is near you or your base when you are logged out! If the game sells good another one might come the day the game finishes. Will you play the bad guy or the good guy? :P Would be better if it's full dive virtual reality :P"
5031er,Dinosaur survival/horror game,"As I was rewatching Jurassic World on TV, I had an idea strike me -- a game where you're stranded in a dark jungle, where you have to use tools and build things to survive. There are dinosaurs that jump at you -- think Dead Space -- and you have to attack and kill them with whatever weapons you have. \n\nIt's a simple idea and by all means, not exactly original. And I'm sure there's already a game similar to it, but...I would *love* to play a game like that. Like a horror game done right, with dinosaurs you have to shoot down? Count me in. "
4zyvby,World War II RPG,"So, I'm not sure there isn't one of these, if there is then I need to know! \nI've come to realize that world war games are usually just shooters, you're in the army and just blow everything up... \nI've been thinking more towards a game in which you are starting as a prisoner in the ghetto, watching your family get taken away, struggling for food in the game, having to do missions inside the ghetto to get items and such. \nThen one day deciding with a fellow friend to try and escape, escaping to the woods and trying to survive at first, after a few days you find a group of resistance, facing the decision whether to join them or get some supplies from them and try to survive on your own. \nThat's basically it, open world game with quests and side stories, would really like to see something like that.\n\nwhat do you guys think?"
4zy90g,New kind of Halo,"A Halo game only based on FORGE. This game would have every halo map from campaign, firefight and online/custom game from all Halo games. In halo forge you are able to use advanced forge tools to spawn anything in the Halo series. The ability to spawn working Ai bots from Marines to elites. The ability to choose the texture of the map = looks like Halo CE or the new Halo 5 Guardians."
4zy21m,[Request] Can you help me build on what I have?,[deleted]
4zxjfe,Youtuber Higher/Lower,"A variation of the Higher or lower game, but with purely youtubers. I know direct copies aren't allowed, but this is somewhat different.\n\nHow it would be potentially calculated for their score is:\n\n(Minutes of video uploaded * 10) + (amount of views / 100) + amount of subscribers.\n\nEx. Youtuber X has 100 minutes of video, 20,000 subscribers, and 95,000 views. (100*10)+(95000/10) + 20,000 = 1000 + 9500 + 20000 would give them a score of 30500."
4zx5ds,A twitch chat controlled horror game,I don't know if someone has made this before or if it's In development but this would be a really good way for streamers to interact with their chat/fans.
4zwoey,Pinata Simulator!,"Pinata Simulator is a multiplayer VR game in which players wander around blind while trying to destroy more things at a party than the other players. It is also a game in which non-players can watch the game from the perspective of the destructible objects.\n\nMechanics:\n\nThe gameplay starts from an overhead third-person perspective of the player, allowing them to get an overview of all of the objects in the playing-field (e.g. A big party with lots of people, tables of food, toys and such). After a few seconds to take everything in, your character is blindfolded and the screen goes black.  Players have a limited time to destroy as much as they can. Objects can be hit multiple times, but only the first player to hit the object receives it's maximum value, subsequent hits are fractional in value. This mechanic is communicated by audio feedback (The first time you hit a punch bowl there's a big shattering noise, after so many hits you're hearing less impressive damage noises) .  Stereo sound design plays a large role in navigating in the game as well as it's fun. Bumping into object like a birthday cake or a grandma makes one kind of sound and bashing that same object with a bat makes another. When the games ends, the players blindfolds are removed and their destruction revealed. Points are tallied and winners declared.\n\nInput/Output:\nGoogle Cardboard paired with Realiteer's RealControl and a pair of earbuds.\n\nStyle:\nI see something akin to the style of Katimari. Brightly colored models reduced to simplified shapes."
4zv6gr,Exoplanet survival sandbox with search and rescue metagame,"I was thinking of game similar to the plot of ""The Martian"" with some tweaks. You would play as an astronaut that has survived the crash of their ship on an unknown world, the point is to survive as long as you can and hope that you are rescued. \n\nEverything about your starting conditions would be random. What type of ship crashed, what part of the ship survived the wreck how far away are different parts of the ship, what type of world did you land on and how many people survived the crash with you. \n\nThe world itself would be procedurally generated, it could be a frozen moon like Europa or a hostile desert world like Mars it may be a caustic greenhouse like Venus or a garden oasis like Earth it may even be a mixture of all these things and completely alien to you. \n\nThere may be lifeforms on the world it could be planet of lichen and algae or a planet populated by gigantic trilobites, it may even have its own set of complex ecosystems with strange alien creatures. No Man's Sky attempted procedurally creature generation but they had no biological flow, on a world with a ecosystem you see how and why each creature look s as it does, that long necked turtle-squid needs to reach the eggs of naked tree dwelling cat-spider those giant flying whale-jellyfish can fly because the atmosphere is so thick.\n\nYou scavenge the wreckage of your ship for useful items the parts of your ship may be scattered apart or your ship may have crashed in one relative piece but your stasis pod landed miles away. Maybe you crashed with parts of the science wing and have an easier time creating breathable air for your space suit, maybe you landed with a small chuck of the agricultural wing and can grow food in what's left of its greenhouse(after you repair and seal it) or maybe you were able to scavenge enough parts to create an SOS broadcast.\n\nWhile you are trying to survive on this world there are real people using a collection of tools to find you. People in their spare time would use an app to  locate distress signals. Depending on the strength they could narrow it down to a cluster of stars a star system or even your planet. You would have players who were just playing a space exploration game being called on for the quickest route to the signal based on the games travel infrastructure and then you have players who control all the purse strings deciding if you are worth the effort. You see while you are surviving on that planet there would hundreds of other people on their own worlds at different parts of the galaxy all surviving as well. When you start the game you may start alone or if there were other stasis pods with you they may be allow other players to join you. If you crashed landed and there were 4 other stasis pods, four more players could jump in your area if on the other side of the planet there were more pods there are more players you just have to get to them. Each planet would be like a server and the rescue would be a meta game where players would have to budget fuel and resources to rescue people. Points could be awarded based on the rescue attempt and how important the player is according to the game's lore. As unfortunate as it is some people lives would be seen as worth more than others, the Daughter and Heiress to a high level mining corporation would be worth more in the meta game than a group of failed planet squatters. But just because you chose to rescue the heiress doesn't mean you made the right call, while the heiress was worth more rewards according to the lore of the game people may give you condemnations or commendations(like Overwatch's player voting system) based on their feelings regarding the matter.\n\n\n\n"
4zu9qo,"Small, ""KetchApp"" type phone games?","I want to work on something uber basic but fun over the coming days, and I've searched this /r/ for a while now, looking for anything that suits my tastes. Most of them have already been done, or just are clones of another popular simplistic game. If anybody has any suggestions, I'd really appreciate 'em..."
4zu7m7,A good idea for an indie top-down game?,"Go wild! Realism is not needed here. :)\n\nEdit: I would also like to hear about your preferred way to develop the game, (engine etc?) But it's not mandatory."
4zu0s6,5 Random Game ideas,"1. You play as a hunter whose job is to track down and kill animals for living. ~~and to kill an unknown monster, which terrorizes the village.~~ Sorry, i didn't had the time to think over the story. So I was thinking about making a game focusing around the hunting feature which we saw in games like Far Cry Primal, using mainly a bow, traps, etc. \n2. You play as a manager and you have to analize job applicants then pick the best job they can fill.\n3. You are a doctor who experiments on people, which generates attention. Try to keep it low.\n4. You play as a cat/dog and you have to damage the furnitures before the owners come back.\n5. An FPS arena game where instead of dealing damage you knock back the enemies.\n\nEdit: Changed experiences to experments ( idk why did i write that lol ) and extended the first one a little bit."
4ztdam,Kawaii Nime-Nime,Here's my ideas for a game.A game with anime character in it or they can put a picture and make it look Chibbi then it's like a virtual pet where you have take care of it and also the character can go around your phone and the play another game with the player. Its can have a conversation like human also the character can talk like Human. The character won't be able to mute the character. They just like a virus but it just a game.It's just like Virtual Pet plus anime character and assistance. So the character be able to take a note and told the player to do this and that if the player forget something  .\n\nThat's it I think Thank you for listening to this nonesence game 😊😊
4ztcxi,Borderlands MMO VR Game,Game with random generated weapons and level system in VR.
4zt511,Beehive: A game about being a bee,"First of all, I just want to thank to whomever I took this idea from.\n\nI vaguely remember reading it somewhere, hopefully I haven't copied the original too much.\n\n\nA 3D 3rd person game. Your job is to find flowers, get the sweet nectar, then come back home and deposit it. You must avoid deadly obstacles such as cars, bee predators (whatever they are) etc. After a certain time, the clouds should get stormy and start to rain. That's when you head home/or when you fill up on nectar.\n\nThe more nectar = the more points.\n\nAfter the first stage, there should be less and less flowers. \n\nIf you don't manage to bring enough nectar back, the hive will crumble and you will start a new game.\n\nHave randomly procedurally generated maps (if possible, or just large maps with different flower spawn locations). The harder the stage, the more urban the environment should be. Also, encourage exploring the stages by making them very interesting and riddled with detail.\n\nThanks again to whoever I read this idea from, but I can't seem to find the thread.\n\nEdit:\n\nThanks to /u/techie2200 or @techie2200 ... I'm new to Reddit so I don't know how to tag. But anyways, thanks to him for the original idea"
4zs41j,Music driven first-person arena shooter where the map wobbles and bounces to the music.,"It's a music driven arena based first-person shooter, kinda along the lines of *Beat Hazard*. You pick a song to play, and then you play in a map where the floors and walls wobble and jiggle to the music as if everything was like jelly; bouncing you, items and the enemies around if it gets intense enough.\n\nThere would be several game types; a standard mode where play until the song ends or you die, a survival mode that cycles through a playlist and gradually increases in difficulty, or a ""chill out"" mode where you're permanently invincible and have unlimited weapons, but would cycle through a playlist like in survival so you can play for however long."
4zqb9a,A game where you must scream into your mic every 10 seconds in order to keep playing.,"And if you quit screaming, then the game will close itself."
4zor1i,Plane crash survival,"Your plane is crashing and the pilot manages to land it near an island. There were a total of 5 people in the plane including the pilot and two perished. You have to find a source of fresh water, food, fire, shelter, entertainment, and order. The two other people, if not satisfied, may slowly become crazed or just mistrust the both of you and plan to kill. Keeping them happy, civilized, and healthy; the animal population in check; the fire regulated; and the shelter in good shape will ensure a stable environment and will make it easier and quickly send an SOS out. Each play through would have different island sizes which would also change the sources of water, animals (different tools and techniques for catching them), where the survivors are (sometimes they'll be near the plane, but if not, and they're not located in time, they could die [which would make it that much harder for you and/or the other survivor] or become feral and attempt to kill you), plants available (food source [you will have to eat plant life if you can't find any other life. Some could be poisoness] and shelter material), whether or not if there are people already on the island before the crash (competion, or it could be a cannibalistic tribe already there), and temperatures (demand for more water or shelter). If there are anymore factors that I should consider, let me know, and tell me what you think."
4zo2jb,Party-based system in ARPG,"Have a fully controllable party in action RPG games, players can choose to switch control over party members anytime during a battle. Either to micromanage them out of harm, or to control them for a different player experience. Basically allowing the player to switch from playing a tanky melee fighter to a weak glass cannon sorcerer in a pinch.\n\nParty members will have an stance system that will behave according to user preferences, say focused stance and scrambled stance.\n\n[Focused: True]\n[Scrambled: False]\n\nFor focused, the entire team will be controlled to attack a specific enemy only, usually a boss or a very tough enemy. Focused stance will also allow the player to control the entire team's movement actions as if they were in unison with the player character. \n\nScrambled stance allows party members to attack any enemy based on their set behavior.\n\nPlayers can also provide each team member, including the AI for the main player character a priority behavior to attack strong, weak, closest, farthest enemies. (This attribute may expand to include enemy with most health, least health, highest DPS, lowest DPS). \n\nSay:\n[Close: 1 &lt;Choose this]\n[Strong: 2 &lt;Choose this]\n[Far: 3]\n[Weak: 4]\n\nBehavior will cause the AI to attack the closest strongest enemy that they encounter. Before attacking any enemy that is the farthest and weakest from the team aggro range.\n\nSay:\n[Close: 4]\n[Strong: 1 &lt;Choose this]\n[Far: 3 &lt;Choose this]\n[Weak: 2]\n\nThis will cause AI to attack the farthest strongest enemy from the team aggro range, before attacking the weakest close enemy.\n\nDo keep in mind that the AI must choose the most available target within the party aggro range, attack and kill it, before going through the most available target again within the party aggro range. This will not cause the AI to switch targets too frequently and ending up broken.\n\nIf the AI finds itself attacking an enemy that is outside the party aggro range, it will automatically retreat to find the most available target within the moving party aggro range, (say the currently controlled player is just rushing through the level and ignoring all monsters).\n\nThe team aggro range would be constant and have no relation to the distance between the AI party member and the enemy, usually this range would be surrounding the currently controlled party member. Therefore, this wouldn't cause a party member to run off chasing an enemy.\n\nHowever, it may be possible to adjust the size of the team aggro range based on player preference, having a tighter aggro range will allow player fuller control in the scrambled formation, while having a looser aggro range allows the team members to do most of the killing of the enemies.\n\nSome other auto AI stuff may include attacking when attacked or ignore all attacks and do nothing. Say the party aggro range is too tight and a ranged enemy is just taking pot shots at your mates, they can choose to override the aggro range and execute a ""maximum allowable chase range"" to attack the enemy before returning the formation.\n\nPlayers are able to customize team party formation. Default AI would be a durable AI in a front-line formation, weaker AI will stand behind and attack. Formation will always be maintained through movement, but may break if there is a high priority stance and behavior that is executed by the player.\n\nTeam members have to same equipment and skill complexity as if they were the same as the main player character. Giving players a chance to form a well-equipped and elite party of team members. This will allow a more balanced ""nakama"" gameplay, instead of that one absurdly overpowered inhuman main character.\n\nEach team member will have a separate inventory space, giving players opportunity to loot more items for their companions and themselves.\n\nTeam members have a powerful wildcard skill that can be globally executed by the player. Usually easily executable via non-conflicting hotkeys such as the number bar. Recharging requires attacking monsters before usable again or through items and interact-able objects in the environment.\n\nThe party may only comprise of a maximum number of 4 party members. Potential party members may appear throughout the world and is up to the player to choose whether to have them or not. Unused party members are sent to a tavern or inn, and can be recruited again if the player requires them.\n\nPlayers have the choice to run through the game solo, or with team members. Level experience gained varies based on the number of party members. However, the main end point is that having a party will always be more beneficial in the long run.\n\n"
4zo18u,What would be a successor to recettear (3D game in unreal engine?) (A merchant game.),Shoppe Keep is a really boring &amp; simplistic game.  \nA lot of suggestions people have are about as vague as Shoppe Keepe.  \n\nHas anyone found a solution to making a merchant game that would be fun and doesn't get boring after 30-60 minutes of playing?  
4zm6fj,"An open world sandbox game where you choose to be either a criminal or police officer, each criminal/officer is another player.",[deleted]
51h7pn,A VR horror game where everything looks normal when you look straight at it • /r/Lightbulb,
51gny0,Really basic idea - tell me if it's any good or if it's been thought of before please!,"Like I said - this is a really basic concept ... I'm thinking an adventure game - not sure of the play style yet, but an overall story that you work through different level quests to complete the game.\n\nThe idea though is that the each quest (level) requires a different item (let's say a suit of armour or piece of other armour) in order to complete it, and each of these pieces has special attributes. The special attributes can be like crawling up walls, or breathing underwater. Obviously there are games where you collect items that help you complete the level (keys, amulets, scrolls, etc) but these levels and the armour will be designed for each other.\n\nThe basic concept with that is that lets say there's a level where there are large walls to climb - well you might want to pick the armour that has wall climbing abilities (otherwise you might have to jump up blocks). Or maybe there's a level with large lakes - you would pick the armour with underwater breathing abilities (or you might have to keep resurfacing for air).\n\nThat seems straight forward where you pick like for like, however as you further your quest, the levels will contain elements of both (meaning there might be large walls as well as large lakes in the same level). You can only choose the one piece of armour to complete the quest though, so you will need to weigh up the attributes between the armour that you have collected so far. The armour you choose will then help you with certain parts of the quest, but hinder you in other parts - e.g. the wall crawler will help you with the walls but actually make controlling the character much harder in the swim (and vice versa).\n\nAnyways, just a basic concept that meshes level design with the attributes that you take into them, making you choose what can help you the most vs what will hurt you the most. \n\nLet me know what you think and if you have heard of something like that before!\n\n"
51g6fz,Proceedurally generated shmup,[removed]
51g2ki,Survivor's guilt.,"I haven't come up with any story or specific elements of what this game would be, but the bare bones is that you're playing as a war vet with PTSD, trying to live a normal life. What makes the game a challenge is that certain noises or images will randomly trigger your PTSD and you'll suddenly be transported to a past scenario relevant to the trigger. I think if this was ever fleshed out, it could turn out to be really cool."
51g10s,New Batman game: Arkham Legacy,"So it's a sequel to the existing Arkham series of games, but with a twist:  It doesn't star Batman, but his parents, Thomas and Martha Wayne.  The game will be about them trying to stem the tide of Gotham's evil and getting killed for it.  They'll solve mysteries, beat up on bad guys, and do some fun Batmanning pre-Batman.\n\nIt's got several aspects that I think might improve on the well-established formula for the series.\n\n* **New visual style**. This will be Gotham in the 1930s, so everything will have an old-school Art Deco style.  Gangsters and bootleggers and stuff.\n\n* **Fully cooperative gameplay**. Thomas and Martha have different abilities and stats.  In combat, they can work together to have special melee combos.  Outside of combat, use their unique abilities to do detective-y things and get around the city.  If you don't have a partner to play with, you can switch characters easily to user their unique abilities to solve challenges.\n\n* **Thomas**: voiced by Kevin Conroy doing his best impression of Batman's dad.  He'll have  a crossbow with a grappling hook, and a pair of pistols for trick shots.  The 30s were rough, and he couldn't afford to just punch people, though he's a great boxer.\n\n* **Martha**: she's the acrobat and martial artist of the group.  She can climb up the sides of buildings and gets a cloak to glide while falling.\n\n* **Villains**: some of Batman's villains were around long before he began Batmanning, so they'd feature here: **Penguin** would be a big mob boss here, so he'd do mob boss things.  **Ra's Al Gul** is hundreds of years old, and has a hard-on for Gotham. He could be here embedding the League of Shadows into the city.  **Etrigan** is another long-lived character, who had numerous dealings with Batman, both as an ally and an adversary.\n\n* **Other characters**: You'd have younger versions of Alfred, Jim Gordon, and Harvey Dent, obviously.  Alfred would help coordinate the pair as they Batmanned, and Jim and Harvey would be younger versions of themselves with less professional authority.\n\nAll things considered, I think this could be a fun game that functions well as a continuation of the existing series and a new, fresh take on the game.\n"
51eeb3,a game where you shave your opponents mustache,you fight versus your opponent using attacks that can shave his beard. \n\nBoth characters have big beards in front of them that they have to protect. \n\nIf you jump your beard trails behind you leaving you vulnerable. \n\nIt's a fun little game similar to divekick which relies on extreme silinis.
51dtjw,Anime chibi Street game,"Overview\na game about chibi anime character in a dark city where alot of things happen.\nthis is inspired from an anime called durarara and a game called sleeping dogs.\n\nCharacters:They style kinda looks like its out of p&amp;s with garterbelt\n\ngameplay: the player is a citizen in this strange city and they have to decide wheather they will help people get money or make themselves a big reputation.\n\nReputation:\nreputation is how popular a player is for a certain category like strength,amount of money,or owning something popular like a gang or weapon.\nthis can be shown from an npc that is an information broker \n\nplayers can be pretty supernaturally strong depending on how the interact with npc train and etc\nplayers can also become supernatural if they are lucky since this is hard to do because players have to find the right people and do the right actions to have this opportunity open to them and it differs from player to player not o mention it takes a very long time.\n\nthere are a lot of surprises in the city one day you could just be eating at a restaurant and the next day a zombie apocalypse has happened thanks to a certain npc\n\nNpcs:\nnpcs are essential to the game they help decide what happens in the city and each npc is unique and have a chance to make an event happen where all players will be affected by.\n"
51dpcm,Anime chibi fps,"IIt has no name but what if there was  game about cute aliens that fought each other on a planet with Melee weapons guns machines and mechs.\n\nCharacters:They are little chibi anime characters with their artstyle being kinda like they are a hybrid of p&amp;s with garbelt and lucky star.\n\neach alien looks different from\nhuman/catpeople \nslime like humanoids\nhuman like aliens\nhuman/squid people\nalong with robots androids cyborgs etc\n\nGameplay:\nit should feel different depending on how the player fights players can have 2 types of weapons\nwith gunners: its like a regular fps game but with nice designs they can kill from long ranges which is their specialty and why people would use them of course this does not mean they are bad at close range but they do have to worry about running out of ammo.\nplayers that use this should have good - aiming skills obviously\n\nblade users kill from close range and do a good job of doing so \nthey have to aim at specific parts of the body and have to worry about long range attacks if.\nsome melee weapons can deflect bullets depending on how good the players reaction time is.\nplayers that use this should have - good reaction times and keen senses\n\nmech users are tanks but they have to design their mechs and that can be very challenging they will need to find parts which are easy at first but are way harder to find if they are really good\nhowever mech users have to worry about hijacking and losing power,\nmech users can give their mechs a hybrid of componets to make a unique weapon the weapon will have downsides however\nplayer should have\n\nbrains/machine users\nuse tools that build devices like an engineer however they have more than just turrents the use inventions such as markers nondeadly traps to hold the victum down for an easy kill however they have to worry about materials and power which can be made with the brain creating a genorator each invention the brain makes is counterable.\nplayers that use this should be- very fast thinkers and clever"
51d4n6,A game where you die automatically but your born again as someone better,"As I played all these games of FPS where you play as either a merc, a warrior that kills things/people on a daily basis, it struck me, where is it?\n\nAs I read all these reincarnation stories of how a bounty hunter has all kinds of abilities only to be killed and him wake up to be found as a goblin, I asked again, where is it?!\n\nFor those that are confused on that question I'll ask it fully, Where is the game where you die and you come back alive in another world and your ready to kick some A**?\n\nIncarnate; this title does it justice as your a human that has recently died and come back to life as either one of 5 races, Human with power, Automaton, Goblin, Slime, or Imp. You answer questions, say your regrets, and they turn into power. You  choose how you want to advance, broken into 4 catagories;\n1. Standard experience point based system with classes\n2. Augmentation of the defeated using their parts to replace your own.\n3. Assimilation of the defeated granting abilities\n4. Half of any of the 3 with major setbacks.\n\nAs you progress, you choose how you want your character to be, whether a king of a city, starting from the ground up. Be the leader of a merc corp and rise to the rank of ""Kick-A"". With various stories in play, each one either makes you, or breaks you.\n\nYou have a team, followers that worship you, or friends that are willing to sacrifice themselves for you or your funds.\n\nVarious situations are to be given, and once the character conquers that situation (Castle, dungeon, instances), they can rename it to their liking as a sign of conquering.\n\nIn terms of tools in the game, classes and magic says who you are. With various limits on what you can do, and how you raise your character to be, you can become either a little guy with massive amount of power, or a 6 foot powerhouse of blood. With morality in play, to make the player more cautious of their choices, they must watch how they 'class-up'.\n\nI'm offering this idea to anyone that reads this as a way to get out of the rut of having nothing. I would, however, own credit for putting forth the idea, and how developers make this, is up to their imagination.\n\nAny further questions, I would welcome it."
51a7bc,A game like KSP but with multiple players like an MMO.,"There are many planets, and each player starts at a random point on one of them. You have to design spacecraft to get into space in order to interact with people on other planets, or use planes to find people on the same planet. Perhaps if someone pisses you off you could sabotage them by crashing your rockets into their facilities and crafts. Perhaps if someone is nice you can share some resources with them to help them, or rendezvous with them in space to share scientific data (and give their astronauts a lift back to their homeplanet). Competition and cooperation would add a new dimension to space exploration. Of course, many other parts would have to not be too similar to KSP, because copyright laws."
517w6r,VR Driving- the simple revolution of VR gaming,"Hey there Redditors, I have never before made a Reddit account but thought I would throw this random idea into the aether, and for clarification this is not so much a game idea as a hardware idea, one likely doable by a tech whiz who enjoys driving games and engineering.\nI was thinking about how, when I was a kid Gran Turismo was huge, Need for Speed had just started releasing excellent games, Burnout was just around the corner. Driving pedals and Steering Wheels made for a really fun experience because of the simplicity of the integration, albeit somewhat clunky at the time of playstation 1. \nI was imagining a chair designed for vr driving- connected steering wheel and foot pedals, a gear stick. \nThe technology is all there, it would just have to be usuable in VR environment and woven together. \nIs anyone working on this? I was thinking about it because it would be a great base for VR gaming, driving games have always seemed vaguely ahead of the curve. \nTo anyone reading this and thinking this doesn't belong here it belongs in such and such a place- I dont really browse nor post this website. I give you full permission to ransack this idea and post it in the appropriate sub as your own."
517f0n,"Psychedelic shooter like Rez, but with modern hardware capabilities, wave music? and maybe more than just an on-rails shooter","Back in the early days of the playstation 2, many games that came out on all systems had a very distinct feel to them, a sort of vaporwave-ish nostalgia feeling from certain sound effects and in game noises and such. Few of you may actually understand what i mean by this so i will explain with just one example; Rez.\n     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wff2ouHmazE\n\nRez is an on-rails shooter released in 2001 for the playstation 2 and dreamcast          (if you want to try it i believe there is a demo called RezHD on xbox 360, the full game can be found there but i cant remember if theres a demo)           take a look at the link or try the demo. I grew up with games from this time period, however i never played this game as a kid. Despite the fact that i have never played it before it felt very nostalgic, and the only thing that i can compare it to is vaporwave, but a different kind of vaporwave. \n\nNOW FINALLY heres my idea. Rez is fun and trippy to me personally, but i imagine a 2016 version with infinity more detailed landscaped and patterns, the beats you make should be more satisfying, hard hitting and the game should somehow encourage making beats in an intuitive way rather than just button mashing to get through. The music of certain stages should ""breathe"" with the environment and also should share themes, for example maybe a stage has a song like this: \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reOO1cMTkSg&amp;list=PLYK2qSWCtb4uvNrYyWlBK-9wRhBxYBvhu \n\nand the stage's environment has maybe a black background, and objects enemies and the player are outlined in neon pink and purple with a bright grid on the ground. Totally ripping off of vaporwave videos, but its a theme damnit! I envision this game having vaporwave, retrowave, and whatever really makes it feel like art to you, thats really what its all about. Making a game that you can present to someone and say with a serious look that this game is 100% meant to be interpreted as art. Also a quick side note, back when Rez was being developed it was being developed by sega, meant to release on the dreamcast (with all their other weird ass games that i still like) and it's main reason to even be developed was to show off the hardware capabilities of the dreamcast, thats what i want this to be, a modern equivalent. Show us what our PCs can really do! Wow us! make me feel like i just took 100 tabs of acid and stared into a kaleidoscope i imagine that sort of feeling from this. Also give the songs and stages variety. I recommend mainly wave music with heavy beats but i mean hey experiment! Try different things and see what sticks, a metal song may even work well (i know a good few)((they should be instrumental))\nscale the summit(any), within the ruins(enigma)(ataxia 1,2, and 3), Rings of staurn(utopia)(the heavens have fallen) and i know alot more i think might work well but just ask if you actually like that concept.\n\nIm hopefully going to school to learn how to develop games myself so most likely i will be able to make my own vision of this when i learn how to develop, but for now i wanted to get this idea brewing in my head onto the interwebs for someone with a passion to take this idea and make it your own. \n\nOh and if someone actually decides to give this a go please let me know, id love to add more input and try and make my vision even clearer. And plus maybe you can teach me a thing about game developing lololol but seriously like, that would be amazing tbh\n\nAND ONE MORE IMPORTANT-ISH THING! Im setting this as beginner but that certainly doesnt mean it can't be intermediate, in fact that would make the game much much better!!!\n"
5172uf,"An open world survival sandbox game, with survival elements of rust and magic like skyrim.","Over the past two years these ideas and mechanics for an open world magic game have been in my head, but I have little programming ability. I understand concepts, but not application of them. It would be way too ambitious of a first project so instead I thought I'd share it here. \n\nIt would allow you to approach the way you lived in several ways, like having a small farm house, or having a large industrial complex running on the soul of a dead dragon with nether minions or some shit. Or you could just be a nomad, traveling the land and doing tasks for people in exchange for goods. \n\nThe way I saw it was that it would have 5 aspects: magic, building, fighting, exploring, and surviving. You could tune your lifestyle to them by being someone who maybe focuses heavily on one or balances across them. An explorer could spend his time traversing the halls of abandoned castles and collecting lost artifacts, while a builder could engineer a machine to decode ancient texts and sell them for a profit to other players. \n\nThe survival aspect would include food, water, and health; the basics. But spells would require MP(magic power). \n\nThis is all I can remember off the top of my head. It's a been a few months since I've thought about it. If anyone has any questions, I'd be happy to answer them. I have this pretty thought out. If you want to use any of these ideas, go right on ahead. I just expect the final product to be awesome. :) \n\nCheers! "
515poe,Shadow of Colossus + Multiplayer + Open World,"Title basically, im currently at college with game design as my major, hopefull itll happen in my lifetime. Was thinking open world shadow of colossus multiplayer, with a monster hunter style vombat system and weapon/armor system. Though you could choose a starting class like wizard or warrior, and use the other classes weapons if you wanted to, which the weapons would level up your skill with that weapon type the more you used it, rendering maybe a wizard with like some of the warriors greatsword skills. Choosing the starting class of wizard would give you wizard skills by default and vice versa. Also a special class called awoken would kinda have its own deal where it can consume the monsters power into its ""beast arm"" and it would change looks depending which power/monster you drain, and would also level up like a weapon, but they would be the only ones who can use the beast arm because its almost like a racial thing."
512sxc,Fundamental Forces Action RPG,"I wanted to break away from the medieval European RPG. It would be futuristic, taking place between four planets. It's kinda like Avatar,  where people can control one of four elements, but there are full-fledged planets for each element instead of just nations/tribes. Also, the four elements are not the classical elements of fire, water, wind and earth, but the fundamental forces of gravity, electromagnetism, weak force, and strong force. You would gain a party of four, in order from weakest force to strongest force. You would start with a gravity user (who would start out as a villain protagonist to go along with the gravity=darkness motif), than get a weak force user (who would be more pure hearted to go along with the light/radiation motif, and a glass cannon to go along with the ""weak"" part), then get a electromagnetic user (who I'm considering would be a cyborg), and end with a strong force user (who would be hot-blooded and physically powerful). The gravity and electromagnetic users are male while the two nuclear force users are female. The weak force user would be paired up with the electro user, going along with electroweak interaction, leaving the gravity and strong force user together."
512544,Open world Sim like world with...,"so it's basically going to be an open world game, like minecraft and a real life things like in gta... there should be no to little loading screen. Its like a game of living in its' own world like earth... exploration adventure and etc. it should primarily be 95% focused on the content and the gameplay, not the graphics. it should also be able to grow, like a living game. The game doesn't have to be huge at first, it same be small and as years past improvements are made and will continue to be added, there is basically no limit and the game should be able fun and be a game that other games can be added... it will somewhat look like and surpass all the current game, but at first start small and grow with time to conserve money... Also Only people that are really interested in making the game do it for fun and not for money at first. IT might blow up to be huge one day, just like the computer programming done by bill games and co.. and etc just like him.. \nYOLO LETS MAKE THIS HAPPEN.. I KNOW WE CAN NO MATTER HOW CRAZY OR IMPOSSIBLE IT MAY CURRENTLY SOUND... Nothing is Impossible ..."
511mam,Libra (Interactive Fiction),"This hub would be a place to play and store Interactive Fictions and later various novel types (Visual, 3D Scenarios, etc).\n\nIt would be driven with Inform, QML, or a SGML variant. Hosted on web hubs, Android, iOS later, and maybe eventually Windows. I would love to make it into a streaming app.\n\nThe key is dealing with such a sandbox; why bother if it's simply a database? I foresee a storied environment that leads to genre realms or perhaps a trope of Mother Goose ""quilted"" style kind of like LittleBigPlanet. In a way this could redefine roleplaying.\n\nI would also like it to serve as an offline alternative to PDF readers which could take that material and auto-generate an IF.\n\nThoughts?"
511jzz,2D Competitive racing game,[deleted]
51130a,Hitman style Magic game,"Ive just watched Now you see me 2 and while watching i came up with a idea for a video game in the style Of hitman.\n\nIt would use Magic based combat, Throwing a plain card and it cutting through somebodies neck. Blinding the enemy with a magicians hat and distracting them with the rabbit.\n\nThe game would have 3 characters you can switch to them.\n\nThe game would involve the 3 protagonists going on a heist using magic tricks.\nYou can plan what tricks to use during the heist and how you want to do it.\nIt will have a old tv format like Manhunt to show that the heist is live on tv in the game.\n\nIt would have multiplayer \nAnd a great illousion upgrade system.\n\nHope u like my idea."
510u3q,The One Trope That Spider-man/Superhero Games Never Use - Until Now,"Imagine a game where you balance maintaining a secret identity (because people make life worth living) and protecting a city/population (because that's where your people live.) \n\nIt's a superhero sandbox action platformer with two point-based scales, *City Safety* and *Secret Identity*, that govern which random city events appear, what character progressions are available, and how the world reacts to the character. \n\nThe player always can switch between two skins, civies and tights, which allow the player to enter events as time progresses through three periods: morning, afternoon and night. \n\nWhen the player selects ""Change,"" they trigger a 10-second action that reduces movement speed to 10% and stops a few actions. After spawning, you can walk outside of your bedroom window, hit the Change, and after a 10-second delay, you are wearing your superhero costume. \n\nAlong with experience points, damage statuses, and unlocking new abilities, the main character also has a few Sims-like needs (Love, Comfort, Sanity, Hope) that get refueled or supercharged by attending civilian events. For instance, you need normal sanity and high comfort in order to discover new superhero moves. Have above-average romance scores? Then you'll have a damage boost. \n\n-The details of the meta-concept-\nThe game system measures two 1,000-point scales: your **secret identity** and **city safety.** \n\nCity:                 Scary                      Safe\n           -500                ... -1,  0 ...               +500\nIdentity:           Public                      Secret\n\nFrom +500 to 0 on **Secret Identity**, the game behaves as if your identity is secret. \n&gt;  You gain the full benefit of attending civilian events (gain Identity points, boosts to health, sanity, etc.)\n&gt;  Putting on your Civies turns you invisible to enemies (except enemies who have a Knows! tag or status.)  \n&gt;  Interacting with Normals or Beloveds allow you to invest relationship points with them. \n\nFrom -1 to -500, the game behaves as if your identity is public. \n&gt;  You gain noticeably lower benefits of attending civilian events. \n&gt;  Enemies see past your Civies -- and there's now a 50% chance of random enemies during civilian events.\n&gt;  Beloveds can self-downgrade to Normal, and Normals may choose to ignore the player.\n\nFrom +500 to 0 on **City Safety**, the game behaves as if the city is safe.\n&gt;  You gain City points from patrolling in your costume. Upon death/KO, you respawn in clinics or low-security cells at the local precinct.\n&gt;  Random enemy events are drawn from a database of small-scale skirmishes (muggings, etc.)\n&gt;  Normals and Beloveds spawn as rescue targets in random city events only 10% of the time.  \n\nFrom -1 to -500, the game behaves as if the city is scary. \n&gt;  Upon death/KO, you resapawn in high-security cells - and lose 500 identity points. No points for patrol.\n&gt;  Random enemy events are drawn from a database of large-scale problems (bombings, block fires, etc.) \n&gt;  Normals and Beloveds spawn as rescue targets in random city events 60% of the time.\n\n\nAs the hero, you patrol the city and resolves random enemy events -- which give strength points and city points, for raising City Danger score. Swoop in, beat up the bad guys, help the elderly across the crosswalk, stop the villains. You know the drill. \n\nAs the person, you build your character by building your character's life. Now, pay attention. \nThe game's schedule moves through three periods: morning, afternoon, and night. Civilian events happen in predictable places during those schedules. In the morning, civilian events pop up at the school. In the afternoon, they pop up in the city. At night, they pop up at home.\n\nEach event requires your attendance (and any other gimmick you want) and yields the character bonuses when you're present for their ending. When you activate a civilian event, you control time - speeding up or slowing down the schedules. And you're only required to be present at the beginning and at the end to get the rewards. \n\nWant an example? \n&gt; It just turned night. The player is in the city, dressed in tights. The HUD shows that it's night, and a pop-up announces an event, ""Dinner's Ready!"", and there's only 90 seconds to activate it. The player chooses to stay in costume (to protect their identity) and superhumanly flies to their home, a house in the suburbs. On approach, the house is lit in green, and a perimeter around the civilian event marks the boundary the player must cross in civilian clothes. The player lands after 30 seconds of flight, goes into some cover, activates the Change Clothes, waits 10 seconds more, and walks across the perimeter. Onscreen text, a mini-cut-scene, whatever flavor signals the beginning of the event -- and the HUD guides the player to an object to activate (in this case a seat at the dinner table). After activating the seat, the player fast-forwards through time... and the player sees the relevant character stats that will increase: health, sanity, comfort, secret identity scores. Also, pop-ups on the HUD show Night events happening. However, city danger is already high and the character's stats are middling. The player chooses to stay at the event. In-game flavor text, character interaction, etc. simulate the dinner at home. At the end of the 20-40 second fast forwarded event, the player has seen 4-5 city events pop up. However, the civilian event ends - and the rewards are registered to the character's sheet. The player's now standing inside their home, and their HUD registers 3 other civilian events in the area - upstairs, next door, etc. The player pauses the game to check City Safety and Secret Identity stats. City Safety has gone up pretty high (200 points) as a result of ignoring them. However, the player's comfort and love bars are just shy of unlocking more moves or triggering a story event. What do you do? \n&gt; The player chooses to activate the next-door event: ""Date Night."" The player moves toward that perimeter and, already in civies, triggers it. Flavor text and in-game cinematics show the girlfriend wants to watch a movie together. Activate the couch. Stats of Love, Comfort, Health and Sanity show up as potential rewards if the player finishes this event in the perimeter. The player fast-forwards the event until another city event appears on the pop-up HUD. That'll be worth some 80 points if it gets resolved. The player stops fast-forwarding, deactivates the couch, walks in his civies into cover near the house where no one will see him change, changes, and leaves the house. The Date Night timer continues, at a normal pace, and signals that the player isn't present to collect the rewards. The player hustles through the city event, a grocery robbery - except his mom (who was present for the Dinner's Ready! event) is also a hostage. In superhero garb, the player gets his mom to a police safety point, goes back into the grocery and disarms/disables the robbers. There's about 20 seconds left in Date Night! and the player really wants the story event and rewards. He zips as fast as he can back to the Date Night! perimeter (15 seconds left), and hits the Change Clothes - moving across the barrier at 25% normal pace and unable to jump. He's in the barrier and moving toward the couch, still changing. Because he's in the same room with girlfriend character while Changing Costumes, the Secret Identity score goes down 5 points and the girlfriend gets the tag ""Suspicious."" It'll take another complete civilian event with her to remove the tag. Don't need to worry about that now. With 5 seconds left, the player activates the couch, concludes Date Night!, and gets the rewards. The player's now standing in the girlfriend's house. City Danger is now 120 points short of where it was before Dinner's Ready!; the player can activate a training event to unlock new moves; the girlfriend's ""Suspicious"" tag could be a big deal; and already another two civilian events are on the HUD and there's only time for one more before school tomorrow morning. Which do you do now? \n\nDo you get it? \n\nThis game has one sandbox -- but essentially two worlds happening at the same time. Players choose which side they need to tend to. \n\nThey make their choices based on any of a dozen factors: \n* The City Danger and Secret Identity scores\n* Which character building goals do they want to hit (unlocking moves, costumes, etc.)? \n* Story or training events they can unlock\n* Shuffling their lives around to accommodate a superhero's life -- meaning, creating a girlfriend out of a fellow superhero to have dates that also add to city scores. \n* Progressing through story events to further their life: high school graduation, college, jobs, normal careers\n\n**Sounds nice, but what happens at the fringes of the rules?** \nAccidentally change costume in Times Square? You can steadily recover your secret identity with civilian events, and Special events (faking the hero death, getting a costume double), only triggered when the Secret Identity score is really low, can yield major Secret Identity bonuses. \n\nDoes Mom die in a supervillain event? You can always befriend new Beloveds out of the Normals population. Until you do, you'll notice fewer civilian events are around to boost your character. \n\nDo you lose all your HP during a supervillain fight? You'll respawn in their lair (a pre-drawn escape level), the villain will have the Knows! tag, and you'll now need to worry about that supervillain showing up during a civilian event -- until you convince them with a special event or until game events kill them.  \n\nI can see the game clearly in my mind as if I've been playing it for years. It's like I came from an alternate universe where this game already exists, and I'm just remembering it. \n\nSo ask me any questions.  "
50zi3d,Survival Horror first-person multiplayer game,"This idea was originally a story idea, but looking at the idea I don’t think I could make a full story out of it and that it’d be better as a game.\n\nThe basic idea it that the player’s character will start in the ‘real world’ and then go into another world full of monsters where they will have to survive a certain amount of time. The first time they go will be a tutorial level separate from the main game that explains to the player about the game play give them a guide on how to survive, and all the other times will be an open server where the player can run into other players and the monsters they come across is random.\n\nHere’s a bigger description of the game.\n\n[The player is a young teen who wakes up in the middle of the night just moments before 3AM, they reach for a flashlight on their bedside table but it rolls off and under the bed, the player goes under the bed to retrieve it just as the clock strikes 3, the player gets their flashlight but aren’t under their bed anymore, they’re in a large, dark and distorted looking world. The player is soon attacked by a creature that looks like it’s made of shadow but is saved when a light shines on the creature causing it to shrivel away, the player’s saviour is an NPC who is also a young teen.\n\nThe NPC explains that they are in the Nightmare World, a place separate to Earth full of monster like and much worse to what just attacked the player that are created from the fears of children. The NPC then explains that the creature of this world are harmed by light, but how long it takes for the light to affect them will depend on the strength of the monster. They also explain that they can leave this world when the sun rises wherever the player lives but that they’ll be forced to return every night as 3AM until they are 16 (the game won’t place in real time). Finally, the NPC gives the player a booklet which is a survival guide for the Nightmare world, telling the player the different rules and monsters of the world, equipment they’ll need, etc. The player then can either spend time with the NPC learning the controls or skip the rest of the tutorial\n\nThe Player will then wake up under there bed and crawl out, they will have the survival guide that they can read. The Player will then have to prepare for their next night in the Nightmare World. Using the survival guide for what they need the player can gather various objects from around their house to bring with them, they will also have a set amount of money that they can use to go to their computer and buy items that can’t be found around their house. Things such as their flashlight will have limit on the battery life meaning that the player will have to pack batteries. There will be a running mechanic that is affected by a weight mechanic, each item will have a weight that adds to a total, that total will then affect how fast and how far the player will be able to run in the Nightmare World, so the player will have to choose between packing light and being able to run faster and for longer but not have as much stuff to help them, or being prepared but not being as fast or running for as long.\n\nAfter they have packed the things they want, the player can skip to 3AM and enter the Nightmare World. This time it will be an open server, what type of monsters and the amount will be randomised and they can run into other players if they are on the same server. The Player will then have to survive using the things they have brought with them for a certain amount of time that the players can set themselves using difficulty settings.\nThe cycle will then repeat where the player goes to the Nightmare World for an amount of time, returns to the ‘real world’, prepares their supplies for the next night, then returns to the Nightmare World.]\nI’ve actually written up the survival guide back when I was trying to make it a story, here it is:\n\n[Nightmare World survival guide\n\nIf you are reading this, then you are one of the unfortunate souls to stumble into the Nightmare World, surviving this place will be hard but this guide will help you prepare. This guide has been made by previous wanderers of the Nightmare World, who learned its ways and wrote it down for others so they can also survive.\nWhat is the Nightmare World?\n\nMuch of what we do know of the Nightmare World cannot be for certain, what we do know is based off our own experiences and the conclusions we have come to. The following explanation is our best theory and what most of us have agreed on; this is a world of the fear and nightmares of children, the monsters that haunt children in their dreams or from the shadows are real in this place. The monsters of this place are fierce and seek to kill anyone who ends up in the Nightmare World, we believe they are made from the fears of children because of the many shapes they take, a child’s imagination taking a simple object or sound and transforming it into something terrifying. The Nightmare World itself makes little sense, it is completely dark yet we are able to see besides that, and we can see ourselves and other humans as if we were in the light. And the laws of physics and reality are not the same as in our world, one moment gravity is normal and the next you’re barely touching the ground or being forced to the ground, you can be walking on a wall the same time someone is walking on a ceiling, you can run in a straight line and yet end up in the same place, you can go through one door and end up coming out one a great distance away, etc.\n\nHow you ended up in the Nightmare World\n\nYou’re probably asking yourself, ‘how did I end up in this place’? You can only enter the Nightmare World for the first time under very specific circumstances, it has to be 3 AM (or the witching hour as some call it) on the dot, you have to be under your bed or in your wardrobe/closet, and you have to be unknowing of the Nightmare World and the way to get there. If these circumstances are in place, then you will end up in the Nightmare World, and you are only able to leave once the sun rises in the real world where you live.\nRules of the Nightmare World\n\nAs stated before, what we do know of the Nightmare World is from what we have discovered ourselves, the following is the ‘rules of this world’ that we have managed to work out.\n\n-	There is no escape. Until you reach 16th birthday you will have to return to the Nightmare World almost every night, the way will open up at 3 AM and if you do not go through voluntary then you will black out and wake up there instead (and that is not recommended, as the time it takes for you to wake up could be all it takes for a monster to find you and attack).\n\n-	Dawn is when you can leave. You will end up back home when the sun rises in wherever you live, our best theory is that the light chases the darkness away. At certain times of the year this can be good as you only spend a few hours in the Nightmare World during the Summer months, but during the Winter months you will have to stay much longer as the sun doesn’t rise for quite a while.\n\n-	On Sundays you are free from the Nightmare World. We don’t know if it’s due to religious reasons or not, but on Sundays the way remains closed, meaning we can have a break from the Nightmare World once a week.\n\n-	Light burns the monsters of the Nightmare World. Light is the greatest weapon against the monsters as it burns them, so most monsters are afraid of light, light can also reveal things that you didn’t see before because of the trickery of the Nightmare World.\n\n-	You can’t tell anyone who doesn’t already know. All of us have tried, we’ve tried to tell our parents and friends, anyone, but the Nightmare World seems to still have some sort of hold on us that prevents us from even uttering a word about it to anyone who doesn’t already know about it, even after we turn 16 we still can’t tell anyone. And writing it down or recording yourself doesn’t work, video will just suddenly glitch out and you won’t be able to write straight. It’s a miracle we were even able to create this guide, and even then, you’ll subconsciously hide it away so no one can find it.\n\n-	Recording equipment won’t work. This is another thing that we have all tried, taking a video camera or your phone with you into the Nightmare World to record the place in hopes of gathering proof or documenting it, but all the recordings will ever show is complete blackness and silence; and that’s if you’re lucky, many electrical devices just cease to work the moment you step through the way.\n\n-	No one can enter for the first time on purpose. We don’t know why, but you can only the Nightmare World for the first time by complete accident and under your own power. You may not be able to tell anyone about the Nightmare World but you can still drag them with you under the bed or into your wardrobe for the witching hour, but since they are not there by accident and under their own power the way will not open for them.\n\n-	Sharing a room with someone will not stop you from going to the Nightmare World or reveal it. You may think that if you have someone with you in your room when the way opens then you can do something, like having someone watching over you will stop the Nightmare World from claiming you or that they will witness you going there and thus finding out about the Nightmare World, but this is not the case. Similar to you if you do not go through the way on your own, the person you share a room with will simply back out until morning before they get the chance to see anything. And setting up cameras in your room will have a similar result, as soon as the clocks strike 3 any recording equipment will shut off before they can capture anything.\n\nHow to defend yourself\n\nConsidering you’re stuck going to the Nightmare World almost every night until your 16th birthday, you’ll need to be able to protect yourself to survive the night, though the best option is to always run rather than fight. Since the first child crossed the way we have been discovering how to defend ourselves against the monsters of the Nightmare World, so the following are some of the ways to defend yourself that we have discovered.\n\n-	A torch/lantern/other sources or light. As stated before, light burns monsters, sometimes even reducing them to nothing if they are in the light long enough, as such a torch is the most important thing to have with you to defend yourself with. Torches offer direct and stronger light against the monsters, but lanterns produce a more surrounding light to protect you. You should get the best quality torches or lanterns you can find as they will have stronger light, will last longer and are more durable, which is important if you accidently drop them.\n\n-	Fire. Since light burns monsters, it stands to reason that fire would work even better, which it does. Shoving a naked flame at a monster will cause them a lot of harm and get them to run away if they were strong enough to survive it, though the light coming off it is weaker than a torch the flame itself still causes damage like it would a human and drives off the monsters. The best way to utilise fire it to make an old fashioned fire torch by getting a stick, wrapping material around one end and covering the material in flammable liquid, and then light it on fire when need be. Flammable liquid is also useful, such as if your able to cover a monster in it and then set light to it, or for making flame circles to either protect you or make around a monster to keep them contained.\n\n-	Glow in the dark liquid. Much like light, any liquid that glows acts like acid to the monsters, and also like light the stronger the glow the more harm it does. The way you weaponize glowing liquid is up to you, some of us put it in spray bottles to be ready to spray it in a monster’s face, some put it in water pistols/super soakers for more long ranged attack, water balloons, etc. If you have access to a paint gun, then you can use glow in the dark paint pellets for an effective weapon. There are a few ways to obtain glow in the dark liquid, you can buy and cut open glow sticks but that can get expensive, you can try and make your own but most recipes you’ll find will require expensive ingredients to make, won’t last long or will require a black light to work; some of us have taken to using slightly watered down glow in the dark paint, enough water to make the paint last longer and give it a thinner consistency, but enough of the paint to still have an effective glow.\n\n-	Actual weapons. Using real weapons either works or it doesn’t, sometimes the weapon will harm the monster as it would a human, other times the weapon will just phase through the monster. In fact, it seems like the stronger the monster it the more effective a weapon will be against them, and weapons work even better if they are coated in glowing liquid.\n\n-	Childhood comfort. We have no idea why, but an object from your childhood, such as a toy, that you have attachment to affects the monsters. The monsters can’t stand to be touched or even be near them and will often try to avoid them, even though they don’t appear to do anything to them. So many of us take those objects with us as protection.\n\n-	A pet. Almost all monsters are, ironically, terrified of pets, be it a tough pet like a dog or a weak animal like a hamster they will run away. Having a pet with you will offer protection from almost every monster. However, it isn’t easy to bring your pet to the Nightmare World, like with other people, they have to enter unknowingly and under their own power, so you can’t drag your pet with you when the way opens (and this includes enticing your pet under your bed or into your wardrobe with food or other ways). Your best hope is to have a dog or cat that prefers to sleep under your bed.\n\n-	Religious items. This one is unreliable to use, using religious items will only work if you are a devout follower of that religion. So, if you are a devout Christian or Hindu, the religious symbol or other objects of that faith will work for you, but if you aren’t then they are useless to use. We think it might be the belief that’s behind them, not the actual religious aspect, so this isn’t the answer for if god exists or which god is true questions. If the religious items to work for you, then they will work like more effective versions of the childhood comfort.\nOther equipment you may need\n\n-	Rope. If you meet others in the Nightmare World then it is important to say together, but this can be difficult as it’s easy to become separated and lost; so tying rope around yourselves will keep you together. In the Nightmare World, rope takes on new properties, it takes on a golden glow, phases through monsters, and can increase in length so you don’t have to worry about the rope limiting your mobility. Rope can also help when climbing up or down things.\n\n-	Batteries. With how long you’ll need to keep your torch or lamp on the batteries inside of them will quickly run out, so it’s important to carry extra batteries with you.\n\n-	Food. It’s important to keep your energy up, so pack some food like sandwiches or fruit to eat when you can, it’ll keep your energy up and help keep you more awake and alert.\n\n-	First Aid kit. With the monsters attacking you, it’s easy to get injured, so you should take a first aid kit with you in case you or someone you’re with gets hurt.\n\n-	Watch. It can help to know how much longer you have left in the Nightmare World until dawn, bringing along a watch will allow you to do so.\n\n-	Chalk. It seems that if you draw a door with chalk in the Nightmare World the door will become real, allowing from one place to another quickly. But you need to be careful as you can’t control where the door leads you, and it could lead you to more monsters.\n\n-	Reflective objects. This will only really work if you are in a group, but having reflective objects attached to you can offer more protection from monsters by reflecting the light from torches, etc.\n\n-	A whistle. A whistle will only work if other people are near, alerting them to where you are so they can find you. Thankfully, monsters aren’t attracted by sound so it won’t alert them of where you are.\n\n-	Protective clothing. When against or running away from monsters you’re likely going to end up hitting the floor or bashed about more than once, so wearing protective clothing can lessen the blows. You should at least try and get some skating gear for when you get knocked to the floor.\n\n-	A bag. This one is a given, you’ll need a bag to carry all of the things that you’ll need to bring with you. Your bag should be a side bag rather than a backpack as it’ll be easier to reach your things inside it.\n\n-	A backpack stuffed with material. This will protect your back from the monsters when they are behind you, so that if they take a swing at or slam into your back then they’ll be less of an impact.\n\nTips\n\n-	Don’t be afraid. It’s hard but it’s important to try and control your fear as best as you can, the monsters are attracted to fear so the more afraid you are the more likely you are to be attacked. As time goes on it should get easier to control your fear as you get used to the constant danger of the Nightmare World.\n\n-	Stay alert. You never know when you’ll run into danger, so it’s important to stay on your toes and keep look out for monsters. If you slack off too much it could be a fatal mistake.\n\n-	Play music. The monsters of the Nightmare World don’t seem to be attracted to sound, some of us wonder if they can even hear, so playing music won’t lead them to you. Playing music or even singing yourself is a good way to keep yourself calm and your moral up, and it can also distract from the negative feelings that will attract the monster. But don’t wear headphones, you still need your hearing, and if it’s blocked off a monster can easily take advantage.\n\n-	Stick together. Monsters will be less likely to attack if you are with other people, and the more people there are in the group the better, though monsters are still more likely to attack than not. There’s also the fact that there’s strength in numbers, you can protect each other and fend off monsters more easily. However, groups will be hard to pull off, as the Nightmare World is vast, people enter at different places and times since they’re from around the world, and since you’ll be from other parts of the world it’s not likely you’ll live near anyone in the real world.\n\n-	Keep moving forward, never back. Monsters will always be on your tail, they will follow your feelings of fear no matter the distance, so you must always move forward so they don’t catch up with you. If there’s some sort of obstacle in your way, it is best to find some way over or around it rather than going back to find an alternate route.\n\n-	Pack extra everything. There’s a good chance that you’ll accidently lose your torch or drop your current weapon and are unable to reach it, so you should always bring extra things so that you don’t end up defenceless. This is also important in case you run into someone new to the Nightmare World, and as such not knowing how to defend themselves, so you can give them your extra torch or glowing liquid weapon for them to defend themselves.\n\n-	Be prepared. You don’t know what you may face in the Nightmare World, so always pack for every possibility. But you should also pack as lightly as you can, you don’t want to be weighed down when fighting or running away from monsters.\n\n-	Stay in contact with others from the Nightmare World in the real world. It helps to stay in contact with others, sharing your problems and trying to work out ways to best survive, it can really help since you won’t have anyone else to tell your problems about the Nightmare World to. And if you’re really lucky, you can live close enough to one of them that you can visit and enter the Nightmare World together.\n\n-	Dress suitably. When you go through the way, you better be wearing clothes that won’t hinder you in anyway and that your clothes can protect you as much as they can. And if you have long hair, tie it up to prevent it getting in your face.\n\n-	Keep extra copies of this guide with you. This is for the sake of those new to the Nightmare World rather than yourself. If you run into a newbie you’ll need to give them a guide to let them know what they’re in for and how to survive, so it’s just common curtesy to keep at least one extra with you. And this guide can be photo copied.\n\nThe monsters of the Nightmare World\n\nIn the Nightmare World the monsters have different levels of strength, some may be weak and easily be taken down with a torch, others are strong and it’s better to run away from. Over the years we have managed to recognise common themes and power levels of the monsters and break them down into four different categories. Hopefully, this can tell you if the monster you encounter can be defeated or if your best hope is to run away.\n\n-	Shades. These are the weakest of the monsters, but also the most common, they can easily be taken down with light and are more annoying than threatening as long as you have something to defend yourself with. If shouldn’t take more than a few seconds in the light for them to dissipate. These monsters can be identified by their formless shapes, most will look like they are made of smoke with shapes that can be vaguely recognised and limbs coming out of them. Due to their formless bodies, normal weapons will just pass through them, and they never make a sound.\n\n-	Shadows. Stronger than Shades, and much more capable of being deadly, they are still fairly easy to deal with providing you have the right equipment. A single Shadow is easy to deal with, but these monsters prefer to stay in groups, and it’s these groups that make them deadly, and it is easy to become overwhelmed. It takes longer, around 20 seconds, for direct light to get rid of them completely but they will still be affected by it and try to get away as soon as the light hits them Shadows have more solid shapes but will still shift between different forms, that we guess are meant to represent the monsters a child imagined up, and have smoke-like darkness constantly coming off them. Shadows can make sounds, but they are hisses and growls. Normal weapons are more likely to hit them, but they can still pass through them when the monster turn to that smoke-like darkness when changing shapes.\n\n-	Boogey Men. This is the most diverse group in terms of strength, but they are grouped together due to their not really being any other way to separate them since they share too many similarities. Boogey Men are usually by themselves, though it isn’t unusual for there to be two or three of them at once. Light still affects them, but it can take a few minutes for it to do any crippling damage depending on the strength of the monster, normal weapons should work on them without passing through their bodies, and glowing liquid is good against them because it will stay on their bodies and burn through them. But you should always try and get away from a Boogey Man first, and only fight if you have to, since you have no way of judging how strong they are and they can end up too strong for you. A Boogey Man will be completely solid with a humanoid shape, some looking more human while others will look more bestial, and if they are strong enough they can even say what sounds like words in hissing and creepy voices, though we have yet to ever understand what they say.\n\n-	Terrors. If you find one of these monsters, then your only hope is to run away as fast as you can or hide and pray it won’t find you, unlike the other monsters none of the ways to defend yourself will work; light won’t, weapons won’t, and even pets which can scare off every other monster won’t work. No one has ever met came face to face with a Terror and lived, but unlike the other monsters that just aim to kill, a Terror will prolong your suffering, they take a sick and twisted pleasure from what they do if they manage to catch one of us. For the other monsters, there have been theories of what might have created them that we can’t decide on, but a Terror is a monster that we all agree on how it came to be, there is really no easy way to say this, they are the fears of abused children, the child’s tormenter given new form in the Nightmare World. We think that due to be based on real, and twisted, people, Terrors and smarter and much stronger than the other monsters of the Nightmare World. They are capable of speech, calling out the name of the child they tormented and saying sickening things about what they’re going to do to that child (and anyone who has the misfortune of coming across them), they are absolutely giant in size which can be good since it’ll be easier to spot them before they spot you, they will usually look like the person they are based off with some more monstrous and exaggerated features, and they usually carry around a weapon such as a belt. If a Terror spots you, it will give chase and won’t give up until you manage to get away with sunrise, until then it will look for you even if you escape. Fortunately, Terrors are rare monster, so you hopefully won’t run into one.\n\nWe hope that is guide helps you with your survival and wish you good luck, because you’re going to need it.]"
50z2vh,Random stories,"Hi, I've read this sub for some days now, and I want some feedback for my idea.\nSo far all I thought about was that you have 5(or some more later) different stories with different characters, stories that can happen to anyone (desperate times) e.g. your landlors kicks you out and you go off living some days with people that are in the same situation as you are; you get to learn about each one of them and you will have some ending options. \nIt couls be either 2d or 3d(i understans 2d is much simpler), but I'd like your feedback. Thanks for reading this."
50ypsc,Armoured freedom (tank action/shooter),"the idea of this game was inspired by war thunder, world of tanks and armoured warfare. the premise of the game is a tank game where you may use about any tank ever made (would start with ww1 tanks and work up from there) it would be based during the first ww and work its way up to modern warfare. the main mode would be single player fighting AI tanks doing missions based on the era along with that would be a multiplayer mode with Pvp with a tank unlock system much like world of tanks but without the much needed grinding or micro transactions. while playing through single player tanks earned tanks would be usable on PVP\n\nthe main goal of this game is for a good tank game that has a good singleplayer mode with a decent multiplayer mode "
50yfqa,"Monstres Continentaux, a napoleonic/steam punk shooting game with several unique classes","the premises is the idea of a shooting game loosely based on the Napoleonic wars in terms of fancy uniforms and weapons. This means there are mainly people shooting smooth bore musket as well as cannons and cavalry. However there are airships and trains because they're cool.\n\n big twist is that you have different races such as centaurs or harpies involved in the fighting. Some of theses races don't affect much gameplay and only provide really minute bonus. For example, cat people has reduced fall damage or see better in the dark. other races have entirely different play style such as harpies, who can't carry guns (therefore there role in game for example could be to scout ahead or drop bombs) "
50xwqe,Wanna make a game with me? It won't be hard! In need of one or two people to help out with an early game idea and creative process!,"As the title says, the games concept isn't really established yet and has changed multiple times from when I had first came up with an idea.\nAt first it was a third person slash em' up game, really colorful and cartoonish. I had a small level created and It focused mostly on immersive music and bright and colorful visuals BUT as of recent it's evolved into something completely different, a first person survival horror/mystery game similar to Firewatch and The Forest. The elements within the game are up for discussion along with the story line as it isn't very established. I've got a few ideas but nothing truly I'm in love with.\n\nSo if you know at least the basics of Unity and or are willing to learn more about Unity I'd really appreciate some help. Depending how much dedication you put into the game you'd technically be my partner and we'd release the game together.\n\nRight now we'd mainly  be working with assets as I am not that great with code, I know enough to customize what I need but I spend the majority of my time learning Maya/blender and animation. Assets are powerful tools made to use within Unity, they're tools to pretty much customize and copy and past pre-coded scripts that make designing games a cake walk. Say you need an inventory for your character, you'd use an asset, then use the customization functions within the asset to make it unique to your game, take it a step further and use the code to script different types of inventories and import custom inventory graphics... ect!\n\nI'd be willing to share with you a few copies of my asset as needed and teach you all I know (if you're newer to Unity) I'm really dying for someone to help with the creative process as well. The game idea is still so new in my head and I'd love someone to bounce ideas off and vice versa! \n\nThanks, let me know if you're interested. \nCheers."
50x1p3,What game would you play?,
50wdmr,Anchor (Deus Ex style game),"I've had this idea for a while now. The gameplay is very similar to the Deus Ex games in terms of having different ways to solve every mission. There is so much plot that I've written for this game, and I may actually be interested into turning it into something, perhaps a book or film. The basic plot follows a teen named Pierce who gets kidnapped by masked people from his house and taken to a huge facility everyone calls Anchor. The main authority is a woman known only as J who talks to the members of Anchor once a month. The day Pierce arrives, she announces that he is the 1500th and final member of Anchor, but she is shot by a sniper somewhere in the audience. That boy, Eric, is dragged away by the robotic guards that patrol the facility. Pierce and his roommates at Anchor are invited by a group called Elusion, the one Eric was a part of, to join them and find a way to escape Anchor. However, J survives the shot, albeit paralyzed, and a stricter authority Gordon is going to make sure no one escapes. So, basically, the game has many twists and turns and, also, if anyone is interested in using this story, whether it be for a game, film, book, etc just let me know and I'd be happy to let you use it!"
50uht4,Germ adventure game,"\nYou are a germ.\nLately germs are lazy af. They forgot why they exist. Your goal is to remind it them, and make germs great again. You'd have to complete some quest for germs lords to convince them to your purpose. In the end you become a germ's king.\n\nWhat do you think of this? Could it be interesting?"
50u1xv,Horror RPG Game IDEA,"I am a solo UE4 developer, looking to start working on a game in my spare time. I have a game idea that i've been playing around with and I'd like to know your thoughts on it.\n\nMonster Hunter (definitely a working title):\n\nThis is an First Person RPG Horror game. The player is a Monster Hunter. At night, the player ventures beyond his small town, through the tunnel, to the pine forests. There are many creatures in this forest, and the more monsters the player kills, the more money he will be able to make when he sells the spoils of his kills back home. However, the deeper into the woods he goes the more deadly these creatures become - but also the more valuable the loot. Once the player has more loot than they can carry, or they are close to death, they can return back to the town, sleep to restore their health and prepare for the next night.\n\nThat is a good summary of the meta game idea. I want to describe in more detail the actual gameplay loop itself.\nThe nights in this game are PITCH BLACK. Therefore the player can only see what their flashlight illuminates. However, small, one handed flashlights don't provide enough light to properly see in the dark and the player will find themselves constantly ambushed by monsters if they continue to solely rely on these. Fortunately, the player also has a much more powerful, two handed floodlight. This one really powerfully lights up the surroundings but its only downside is that it must be dropped to the ground in order for the player to equip their weapon. It still lights up the surroundings, it's just no longer attached to player. This will create pressure and panic as the player scrabbles in the dark trying to kill the monsters, using only the light from the flashlight that is now on the floor. Ive attached a video in the link to demonstrate this mechanic.\n\n[Light Mechanic](https://youtu.be/Jtj5lAQLeIY)\n\nThe player also has a car. The car limits the distance the player can venture beyond the tunnel because the car can only carry so much fuel. The car cannot move beyond the roads, because of the trees - so it is simply a means of getting further afield, toward the more dangerous and thus valuable monsters.\nBack in the town there is a bank, a car dealership, a petrol station,a weapons store, an apothecary. This is where, in the daytime, the player spends his hard earned cash from killing the monsters during the night. The player sells the monsters bones, guts and organs to the apothecary, who then pays the player in cash. The player can buy lots of different items to help him on his path. For example, a new car that is faster, has a larger petrol tank and has a \nlarger boot. He can buy a new house, weapons, medicines and tools.\n\n\nAny comments or thoughts would be really appreciated. My brothers comments were that it was a bit similar to games already out there right now like Minecraft or Slender Man - but I felt that it was definitely a unique idea and not REALLY all that similar to either of those games.\nLet me know if you'd play it, pay for it, or if its just a bit meh."
50twya,My game idea,[deleted]
50rqus,Can I pitch an idea to you guys about the next Grand Theft Auto? [xpost] [AAA],"Ok so the heart of GTA is the recreation of real life in a video game setting. Real life is used as metaphors for game features and design choices.\n\nThe rumor mill is telling me the next GTA game is going to take place in Vice City. You know what’s close to Miami? Orlando. And do you know what Orlando has? Theme Parks. Disney World. So if Rockstar knows what they’re doing they’ll have a city beautifully and painstakingly constructed to resemble Miami, and when you drive a little bit out of town, you run into a theme park land. In this land reality goes out the window, the metaphors to real life are replaced with the metaphors of theme parks. Structures are created that couldn’t exist in real life that are constructed to be a make-shift theater piece, a living stage where drama is played out in a heightened reality for the purposes of amusement and enjoyment and temporary escapism from the real world.\n\nHere you can use the RAGE engine, the most uncannily realistic game engine ever created to stretch it’s legs and do things that can only exist in imaginary worlds. The Cunning Stunts update released recently already heightens the reality to create things that couldn’t exist in real life. Some of those race courses I’ve only ever seen exist in stuff like Speed Racer. Rockstar can create a platform to create a dream factory. Imagine what VR support in a game like that would be like. You have the real world where you do your GTA missions and tell your story of criminals and renegades against the system. Then you can drive to the edge of town to visit Fantasyland where you enter something like the Holodeck from Star Trek or the Internet from Futurama.\n\nSide note: a friend brought up a good point that I’d like to add and elaborate on. She said this idea definitely has an audience, but it could run into trouble because of the tragedy of the Pulse massacre that happened in Orlando in June. I’d like to address that you could totally make this a controversy, but you could spin to say that video games are where a healthy person takes out aggression or antisocial behaviors in a safe space and it can be extremely therapeutic. Having a gun toting maniac run wild in a virtual Disney World is a crazy ass idea, but it’s an exciting idea, and done right, in the right hands, it can be a magical thing. This is big. This is the future of entertainment.\n\nTell me what you guys think."
50ri6k,"I want to make a .IO style game (agar.io, slither.io, etc). Any unique ideas?","Basically, a game in which you can sustain a lot of players simultaneously and continuously. Can't be round-based, 1v1, match type game. A game you can hop in and out of quickly. Could be interesting to have it team-based.\n\nI would aim to make it browser-based but don't let that limit your creativity! "
50qqal,Bioshock style Game.,[deleted]
50ombd,[Suggestion] Genre flairs?,"RTS, FPS and so on."
50ojrr,"A fusion between a launch game and angry birds, in medieval times, with a catapult","**Name:** Siege Wars (working with it, lol).\n\n**Concept Overview:**\n\nThe idea is that in each level, you have a city that you have to breach. Your aim is to hit the commander's post, in the centre. But the kicker is that you have to do it with minimal damage to the city - each bit of damage, reduces your level score. You are essentially a catapult, and have lauch-style upgrades - more power, heavier payloads, different compounds - all to try and destroy the commander's post in as get hits as possible. Each city has a different layouts, different wall heights, different materials, and different widths of the cities. Small cities would be easier to hit the commander's posts, but more damage potential to the city. Large cities will be harder to hit the posts, but less damage potential to the city.\n\n**Plot:**\n\nSo you are the catapult set in by the King in his campaign against many different cities. \n\n**Setting:**\n\nA long, launch style system, where you can't see the castle from the point of the catapult, and can only hit the post from experimentation. \n\n**Characters:**\n\nJust the catapult. Maybe some people running around the castle.\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n\nFiring is easy, set the launch angle, and fire. \n\nVarious abilities. Mostly payload related. \n\n- Composition: Limestone, Granite, Iron, Steel, Mithril\n- Aerodynamics: Tiered upgrades to make it fly further and more true\n- Weight: Higher weight = more damage, but lower flight distance\n- Power: The catapult's power\n- Maneuverability - how easy it is to move the payload in flight\n- Could be more, but can't think of any right now\n\n**Standout Features:**\n\nNot just about distance, like launch games, and not about just breaking through by any means necessary, like angry birds. Fuses the two ideas and makes accuracy and prediction a good skill to have. \n\n**Possible Platforms:**\n\nMobile, online\n\n**Extra Features:**\n\nYou could get coins for winning a level, with modifiers. You can come back and try again to best your score, and gain extra coins. \n\n**How To Credit Me:**\n\nJust a shoutout. "
50of7m,Xcom style Xmen Game,"Your Xavier, teaching students and leading adults with random powers and temperaments. Decide on their curriculum and organise their heroics."
50nlrm,Some VR games I'm never going to make,[deleted]
50ncp0,Mobile Idle RPG,"Hey /r/gameideas !\n\nI'm currently thinking of a mobile game I'm yet too unexperienced for. Right now i just want to share my thoughts.\n\nI think some of you know of these Idle-Games like ""Cookie Clicker"", ""Clicker Heroes"" and that kind of stuff. You're not actually able to play the game, you just setup some stuff and see how the game is progressing by itself. I have something similar, yet more fancy in mind.\n\n\n**Whats it about**\n\nEvery Player has ""control"" of one (or more) Characters. The player is not able to control the Character by himself, he's just able to set up some kind of behaviour. \n\nFor example: The character has a mission where he needs to kill 50 Slimes. The player sets up an appropiate behaviour: \n\n- Go to the Slime area\n\n- Fight the slimes\n\n- Don't fight more than 3 slimes at once\n\n- Stay far away from stronger enemies\n\n- Use Health-Potion when you're under 40% health\n\n- Jump aside when enemies are engaging strong attacks\n\n- Go back to town when you're done killing the slimes\n\n\nI'm thinking its a bit like the kind of behaviour you can set up in Final Fantasy XII. Anyway, the player can set up the behaviour as he thinks its correct and watch the character acting his way. By the time the character is working, the player can either watch how the character is doing or shut off his phone and take a look on it later. Depending on how much later the player takes a look at it again, the character can either be in the middle of a fight, running from A to B, dead, or already back in town (Depending on how good/bad the setup was). The player can now accept new quests, buy new items, learn new skills ... the usual rpg stuff. After that its possible to set up the next behaviour for the next mission. \n\nMaybe there could be an Multiplayer mode for this game, where a group of players has to raid a dungeon together. I don't know how difficult to program this would be. Probably very difficult.\n\n\n**The Game-World and setting**\n\nThe game takes place in a 3D fantasy world in some kind of medival age. Its looking like a usual MMO RPG, just without the MMO part. The character is running through big adjacent areas to get to the places he needs to be. There's no ""start quest immediately"" button. The player has to concider everything the character travels through on his mission. From buying Health and Mana Potions, travel to the quest location, fighting the monsters, to the point where the character needs to come back. Maybe the character should come back when his inventory is full or he ran out of health potions?\n\nThis way, there's a lot the player can experiment with. \n\n\n**The inspiration**\n\n\nI came to this idea when i was talking to a few friends about an MMORPG we used to play. This RPG was Silkroad Online. It's mainly an MMORPG like every other. This game mostly consists of grinding. At the beginning of the game you've got quests like ""Kill 50 Tigers"", ""Gather 200 Bombs"" etc.. By the time, the quests got more and more annoying (in terms of really long time to finish). At around level 35 the player needs to kill 1000 monsters of one type and repeat that quest 5 times ... Yes this was harsh and it didn't get any better over the time. \n\nMany players didn't want to spent all this time to fight tons and tons of monsters by themselves, so they decided to use Bots. These Bots played the game for the players and did all the stuff the players were too lazy for; Run to quest location, fight monsters by themselves, go back to town when running out of health potions, go back to quest location, repeat. \n\nI noticed that the game got to be more ""fun"" at this point. The players didn't have to do the boring stuff and can just take a look on it a few times a day to check where the character was going, spend some skill points, buy new weapons. That gave me the idea to make an RPG thats only consisting of this mechanic. \n\n\n\nSoo reddit, what are your thoughts of this idea? I guess its possible to code, yet it needs a shitload of work to be put in. "
50natb,Molecular structure based telekinetic duel,"You and your classmates can whatever-bend, but you can only summon what you know the molecular structure of. I think that's a way of learning chemistry (and chemical reactions) that could stick."
50n7r1,Reverse Arkham City,"You, average Mcthief, must successfully evade Gotham's shadow using your paltry set of tools, environment and co-conspirators. Half the fun will be seeing all the ridiculous ways Batman catches you anyway. Like Alien Isolation, but with forward planning."
50myuu,A visual version of max-msp.,
50mguz,Our Sky,"Google took Ingress (with its Maps data) and made Pokemon Go, chances are it'll take No Man's Sky and it's own Google Sky data and allow players to explore our own galaxy (the bits we've mapped so far anyway), using info we've already gleaned from existing exoplanets. Get ready to explore the galaxy from your PC."
50lyff,"Is there a title of genre of games for things like ""Paper's Please"" that isn't just ""___ simulation""? Also: Pal-Postman the Game","#Edit: to anyone still curious, i just downloaded Game Makers Humble Bundle and am starting production once I learn the devices! \n\nKind of atmospheric, single scene-of-reference, story driven by the things that go on around you like games. Things that immediately come to mind are *Paper's Please*, and *Little Inferno* and *We Are The Police* (Sorry I can't think of any more recent titles other than the one.) I'm focused less on the fact that its simply a game about you ""doing a day-to-day job"" and more about the composition of the single screen. \n\n(Aaand of course as I'm typing this I forget what I meant to put down as the ""replacement"" genre for these games, will edit.)\n\nThe whole set-up to these kinds of games seem so simple from this side of the production line; a whole game of push-button-ring-bell interactions, it seems both hard to innovate from and not very necessary. \n\n___\n\nTo that I present a simple game idea:\n\nName: **Pal-Postman, the Game** (title is work in progress)\n\nBasic Concept: You are Pal, the Postmaster at a village-castle atop a hill. You control all the mail coming in and coming out each and every day- but, who knows which and when you sneak a peak..!?\n\nGameplay: Core of the game is simple, you face a single interface: including a shop window, an arrangement of mailboxes for all of the villagers/ the castle, the inbound letters bin, the package station, and the desk. \n\n* Similar to *Paper's Please*, you have a ""Food"" ""Family is happy"" ""Healthy"" bars. At the end of each day they all slowly go down and based on the money you gathered that day must spend on expenses, and sometimes have to make decisions based on what you cannot afford. If you go for too long then tragedy can strike: kids try to run away, someone falls deathly ill or begin to starve to death. \n\n* At the start of each day the inbound bin is full, and you have to quickly read who each package is for and put it in their mailbox- if a package or letter is damaged you have to re-seal it at the package station (a simple combination of button pushes based on each package size; a large square box could be up-up-down-down-left-right-left-right where a letter could just be left-right-left-right). \n\n* Half way through the day a second shipment of letters will arrive for the night mail, and it will be the same process. \n\n* Villagers will arrive at the shop window in a queue and ask for their mail, if they've gotten any packages, or to gossip. You have to figure out who they are (early-on in the game you establish regulars) and be sure to give them all the mail in their postbox. After a certain amount of time in the line they will leave, angry at you, and the player will receive a penalty. \n\n* Villagers can also do random-story-related events, such as ask you to ""check the in bin again for anything with their name on it."" or ask you to check someone else's mail for them secretly and pay you for information, or ask you not to deliver certain letters sent/ received by someone else and threaten you otherwise. At the desk you have the ability to completely open letters and packages and inspect their contents, but then they must be resealed at the package station; inside some there may even be valuables such as money, food, toys, all of which can influence your bars- but, if you find something bad, such as information of an impending food shortage or news of a dead village-goer then it will negatively influence your bars. \n\n* Other random-story events could include something like a cat appearing in the window and not leaving until you swat it away or pet it, you the player suffering an injury and it ending the day early, leaving all the work you have not finished that day for the next, and not getting any mail that day because the delivery man was killed. \n\n* When speaking to villagers, they may ask you questions and prompt a 3-choice response. The information you share can influence the game and will often have story-based consequences, and branch you down different ""paths."" There is no difference in endings or difficulties based on the relationships you grow, the only win condition is play the game and not have your whole family/ yourself die before the end. \n\n___\n\nThat's the basics of the game, right now it's kind of a fantasy that I just made up but it doesn't seem so impossible in this format. I'm starting classes soon that involve learning code so the gears should get rolling on the converting the ""what"" into ""how."" But I really just wanted to make this post to start a discussion on those ""simulation"" games; any thoughts?"
52h3i1,"Game Similar To Sonic The Hedgehog 3, But With Certain Areas With Zelda 1 Style Assets &amp; Stuff","Ok, so I have a lot of game maker studio experience, and have an engine for both styles, and want to mix them into a game. I don't know any good way to fuse them together. I just have a test level on each engine. Including Bosses for both. I personal think I should have a block at certain points that switches to RPG mode, requiring the player to find a way through the RPG section to get to another cube, that takes you back to the platforming section off and on. What do you guys think?"
52gyr6,"Social, artistic building game!","First off, NO THIS IS NOT IN THE SAME TYPE OF BUILDING AS MINECRAFT (and the sort), you're welcome. This game is pixelated and isometric, closest I can think of is Habbo (which I haven't played, but the style, man). It is NOT tile based though, it is fully manual. No size limit except what you're willing to create. It has a built-in drawing program where you, well, draw your room/character/world. Once you're done, you determine the elevation of each area (like if you want to make hills, stairs, or anything, really) by drawing, say, red over the current layer of elevation, then you go up or down by one pixel-layer. Pretty straightforward.\nAs for the gameplay, it's social, but there could also be a quest maker for your worlds, blah blah you can do stuff, you get that much. You could make NPCs as well, if you choose to, but largely this is for building. To access others' builds, I was thinking either a big list with rates and whatnot, or a list of ""neighborhoods"" with a capacity of, like, 10 builds. Each world/room/whatever would take up a lot, you enter it sort of like a house. Does that make sense? Share your own ideas in the comments, would you be excited to play this game?"
52gycl,Windows console game idea request,"Hey guys, I am looking for a cool game idea that I can develop on. I think it would be cool to have the game all take place only in the windows console aka cmd prompt."
52ghij,Managing Traffic Lights - like you never saw before!,"This may sounds like  something already out there but my idea is a little different.\n\nI had this idea for some time, I always think about it while biking to sport. It is just 4.7 km but it still takes more then 20 minutes because I spent 5-7 minutes waiting fro green.\n\nIn the game you would be managing and traffic lights at different juctions, X, T, L, penta... etc - different levels of difficulty.\n\nYou need to care for cars, busses, lorries, bikers and pedestrians.\n\nThe way to play is to create a complex rythm in which your lights turn from red to green. later on you would unlock buttons, timers, sensors for cars, cameras ~~(and maybe even be able to built juctions yourself)~~... more technology and techniques that allow more complex gameplay.\n\nYou aim to make your juction the most safe, fast and reliable out of all - and a simulation is played and it calculates your **people per hour** throughput. \n\npeople waiting too long would become angry and you get minus points.\n\nI would start to cutom built some junctions I know of from my journey to sport and latter on add more difficult juctions or real world known junctions.\n\nDifferent lanes would have different amount of traffic, different cities more bikers (cophenhagen) or more pedestrians (tourist cities)\n\nControls must be intuive and visulized in maybe a drag and drop style and a node, building style like these ""programming for kids"" websites to make a loop and If fuctions(If car is waiting, turn green in 10 seconds, etc...)\n\nData would be based on real traffic theory and studies.\n\n***\n\nThoughts? Know of something like this? What do you like/dislike about this?\n\n\n***\n\nThis is only a quick write, I have more ideas and also design ideas, I had to make this post before I forget about it at all."
52eh9m,A nice strategy game,"Kinda like Civilization, but more in-depth. Civilization combined with games like Paradox Interactive does. But instead of separate smaller games that take from 1 to 5 hours, you have only one big world, with different civilization with which you must interact on a diplomatic, economic and military level. Not any of this ""ranzomized"" BS, but with a good story that lasts for tens or hundreds for hours and changes based on how you grow your empire/civilization/whatever. "
52c2ot,Free roam game around Hogwarts,"Basically you're a student there, through grades 1-7 and it's a free roam type game. It would be cool to have elements of fable/Knights of the old republic where you can choose to be good or bad, have conversations, and create your own story. "
5282iy,"Game Idea, Is it worth it?","Would you or people play a first person version of mobile game ""[Tiny Archer](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.OsOs.TinyArchers&amp;hl=en)"" on PC?   \nWith following changes:    \n-Shooting mechanics are little different, because of first person    \n-Game is not free to play.     \n-Earn loot by killing waves.    \n-Spend at buying arrows and upgrades from shop.     \n"
527upc,Need game ideas! Name in credits!,I need game ideas asap! Must be kind of simple because it is going to be 2D game but shout your ideas out I'll be interested in anything and you can have your name in credits if you want!
527r7e,[re]A twitch game,"Hi, I research an idea of a game that interract with the twitch chat.\nIt could be a game where the decisions of the viewers interact with the game of the streamer or a game to amuse the tchat.\nI have some ideas, but I'm sure yours are better :)\n\nThanks you"
526rct,Really basic idea I just thought up,[deleted]
522nu0,"Point &amp; Click game like Papers, Please","Would be cool to hear ideas you got.\n\nSame kind-ish games: Papers Please, 60 Seconds!, Calm Down Stalin, Please Don’t Touch Anything"
521ybt,Suggest Ideas For A Ridiculous Multiplayer Game 1v1,"Give me the idea for the most ridiculous but fun designed game that would be multiplayer 1v1 preferably FPS. \n\nA good example of something like this would be Who's Your Daddy, but I'd love to hear some original ideas. \n\nIf you suggest something that could generally work, I'll turn it into a prototype for the LULZ xd. \n\nNo seriously, give me your best silly ideas fellow game designers of reddit :)"
521gbp,Idea for zombie multiplayer survival game,"You start off by yourself as the character you created. You can choose a skill set or use skill points to make your player different from others. You can pick a couple supplies at begining of game like lockpick or ax or gun. Every item benefits you in a certain way. It'd be multiplayer. How many players per map would depend on creator. The map would be a city infested with zombies surrounded by walls like in resident evil two movie. Itd be random spawn points. Your goal is to survive til the helicopter gets to a random evac zone. Different maps can have different evac vehicles. You can team up with other players you meet or avoid them or kill them. Itd be cool to have AI people like civilians, cops, and military that arent infected through out match. Civilians would be trying to survive like you. Cops would try to help everyone. Military would be dropped off into city. The longer the match goes on the less likely chance youd see an uninfected person. You would be able to enter building's and board up windows and doors. Boarding up windows/doors requires no supplies just a button press. Supplies like ammo and food for health will be random throughout map. If you miss the helicopter evac, you can wait for the next one that'll be random in a different spot. There could be a limit on evacs and when time runs out a nuclear missile takes out city. If you die by a zombie you become infected and can attack other players. If you die by another player, you can choose to rejoin current match if there is enough time left or choose a different match to play. A player can search your body and take your gear. Every match gives you points to unlock stuff."
521ard,Looking for a Beginning Artist to Help With Game,"So, I recently bought the Humble Gamemaker Bundle and I'm wanting to make a side-scrolling hack-and-slash game set in the Medieval time period.  It will not be easy probably and we will need to communicate a lot, but I think that this could be a really cool experience.  So, yeah."
51yfts,Idea for a survival horror-type game,"You play as a spelunker, exploring a cave in southern Mexico. The cave is said to have been the site of human sacrifices, and is thus avoided by the locals.\n\nI get the feeling that this has already been made into a game, but it would make a really good survival horror game in my opinion.\n\nFeedback would be greatly appreciated."
51y3jn,Valve's version of Overwatch with Dota 2 Heroes.,[deleted]
51wpku,Tell me if my idea is any good,i have started to make a game where you replay missions to try and defuse bombs. it's sorta like keep talking and nobody explodes but single player and no manual. pls tell me if this idea is good.
51wlpr,A medieval-themed football manager,"I'm thinking of something like a medieval football manager where the gamer will be assigned to manage a team of knights that competes in a sport-like war (something like team-deathmatch gladiatorial event but nobody dies in the process).\n\nThe team will represent a kingdom and whenever their team wins they get to own a certain territory which will aid the team in their supplies. \n\nThe knights themselves are AI simulated and has specific area of expertise (may or may not have different personality or habits which affects their actions in both the training and the war, this individual info can be learned by individually interacting with the knights, giving gifts they like or giving favors to ensure their trust to the manager and uplift their morale, or simply encountering events)\n\nThe knights' actions in the battlefield would depend on the training and experience they have accumulated with the help of the manager (their trust to the manager and their personality may affect their performance, e.g. ill tempered, hot headed, patient, calm and collected).\n\nTraining shall affect the growth of knights in certain areas (e.g. strength, agility, intelligence, wisdom, vitality, stamina), develop or learn skills, and practice team strategic formations like phalanx and sheltron (I suggest formations, skills and certain training regimes will not be unlocked in the first part of the game and will be discovered in the progress or by obtaining territories) Training areas will not be limited to an arena. The manager can setup training camps in the areas they have conquered, for example, a place with a huge library can improve intelligence or obtain spells.\n\nThe contracts with knights would still be there (like a pledge to the king/queen) as well as the compensation/incentive for the knights. The manager can exploit in increasing the incentive to improve morale or work up an individual to do more in training and in war. might also offer a bonus reward to anyone who does best in the war.\n\nThe war phase can be 'kill the captain' or 'take the enemy flag' or something like a 'golem war' (check rakion) where the teams compete to kill a neutral golem first that bestows the ability to kill the opponent's golem.\n\nThe gameplay for the war phase could be tabletop where the gamer can see as his team play in the battlefield and can only shout some commands that the knights may or may not do depending on their trust in the manager.\n\nThe manager can also hire some staff to support the team such as a smith (to craft weapons and jersey armor), chef (to provide daily rations and nutritious snacks), bard (to improve morale in different situations), coach (to assist in the team's training regime), and nurse (to assist in unexpected injury and oversee the health of the individual knights), might as well add a maid (to help in cleaning and keeping the facilities organized), and a scout (for scouting new knights and scouting teams of other kingdoms) (feel free to add more if you want, this is just an idea anyway).\n\nKnights gaining titles would also be good. For example, the audience has started calling one of your knight as the 'berserker' because of its actions in a previous war. It can affect his growth to have a berserker-like behavior and/or gain the related skills.\n\n\nThat's it! Like it or not its just an idea so whatever.\n\nNote: Knights are not limited to MALE"
51vr3y,Fighting(ish) card game,"No title yet. I'm open to suggestions. Hell, I'm open to suggestions on every aspect of this post. Give me constructive criticism, roast my idea, say whatever you feel, I'd love feedback.\n\nTo summarize, my idea is a multiplayer card fighting game where the two opposing fighters are controlled by card plays. \n\nWhat I mean by this is that many moves will be converted into cards that can be played in groups of three every turn. Each player has ~5 or 6 (depending on whether they play first or second, respectively) cards in their hand at the beginning of a turn, can use up to 3, and has whatever number of cards they used drawn after their turn (i.e. if you played three cards, draw three). \n\nHow I envision cards working involves a [compatibility system](http://imgur.com/gallery/LMVcjnV) (represented in trashy rushed MS Paint quality). The rushed drawings are NOT meant to be accurate representations. I hope to design cards with of course the attack name and damage count as well as an image displaying the move in action. The colored rectangles have to match on connecting sides of the cards to be compatible. Colors matching depends on how moves can be sequenced. For instance, you can't exactly dropkick someone right before giving them a left hook to the face, you have to both be standing for the latter move.\n\nRegarding that last sentence, being knocked on the ground is pretty prevalent. The four colored rectangles are based on what type of move is transitioning to what type of move (standing v. standing -&gt; standing v. standing), (on ground v. standing -&gt;...), etc. This makes knocking fools to the ground rather useful since they may or may not have cards to attack from the ground.\n\nRegarding THAT, straight up getting up off the ground is always available if you have no attack-from-the-ground cards, but it does no damage and does take up one of the three card slots.\n\nAccording to [yourgameideaistoobig](http://yourgameideaistoobig.com/), having RTS mechanics (debatable) and fighting mechanics (even MORE debatable) would make this game an estimated $8,960 to have developed by a team (WAAAY debatable because this is barely a fighting game). Nothing else is checked on the list because I'm not looking to make a game with stunning visuals or graphics, and I guess the range of visual quality (characters,backgrounds, etc.) should be somewhere between Counter-Strike: Condition Zero and Counter-Strike: Source.\n\nI imagine the gameplay looking like two people standing on two sides of the screen like any other fighting game. Whoever goes first is decided by a coin flip, and the person who is chosen to go second gets six cards instead of five (similar to Hearthstone). I don't want it to be old school 2D with sprites (as mentioned above I suppose CS:CZ-CS:S graphics). The players would have roughly 45 seconds to play their cards during their turn.\n\nMaking a multiplayer game certainly costs money if I'm hiring someone, but I don't think it costs what yourgameideaistoobig is estimating since the things I've checked are very dumbed down.\n\nI know this is extremely specific, but feel free to bring up ideas regarding gameplay, development, etc.\n\nIf there is a game exactly like or very similar to this concept please let me know! I'd love to play it. :)"
51vnlz,Would anybody like to pitch me some ideas for a game that I am making?,"The setting will take place in a museum for dinosaur exhibits. It's a single level game and the museum has 2 floors, each will contain different models of dinosaur bones, replicas, etc. It's a first person view and is also just a small game - a single man project.\nOther than that I have no idea where to take this idea. I was thinking that maybe you could explore the museum and after looking at all of the dinosaur stuff when you walk outside it's like jurassic park or some shit. But idk if that's lame or not or how I can build upon it more.\nBut I would be very grateful to hear some other ideas! Maybe it will help me get a solid idea of what this game should be."
51uaw8,Requesting idea to develop: Must include infinite (open) world,"Hi! I use Unity to develop games and, in the last week, I found out that the game I'm currently developing has a very similar concept as one that already exists: StoneHearth.\n\nSo I will not continue to follow this path but, as I already developed the entire infinite + random world and some characters (bipedal Wolves), I want to use what I already developed to make another game.\n\nDo you have any idea(s) of what kind of Indie (small) game could utilize what I already made? Maybe some kind of a Forest Simulator? The Wolves are discardable but I really want some light in how to use the random infinite world."
51u7c0,Philosophy into Loot for an ARG (xpost /r/Gaming),"So I've been working on a prototype for an ARG game for sometime... and basically, what I'm trying to do is fuse creativity, writing, art, philosophy, entertainment, and gaming into a single entity that enriches the players life... because the player is real and the game isn't a fantasy... But it's all as fantastic, if not more than any game you could ""buy"". Also this isn't something that will ever be for sale so I work on this dream for free with no hopes of any reward other than to see something new born.\n\nAnd my question is this, what is the BEST game for me to model ""loot"" from? I'm working on something called a magic lantern currently, and I want to see how I can make it have the same look and feel as a special item that has been discovered that isn't easy to find or hold. \n\nCan you guys just point me in a direction that might inspire me?\n\nThrow links at me for your favorite items in games and I will try and model philosophical concepts that fit the archetype of each these items. \n\nFor instance the magic lantern is a light that burns eternally, in all darkness, it's flame will never perish. It is the light of the soul and it's properties are based on the laws of conservation of energy and basic physics."
51sbom,SPIRT® The Drinking Card Game Launches Kickstarter Bid For Card Game Supremacy,[removed]
51qory,A Gravity Falls/Alan Wake/open world hybrid,"I had this idea about a game since I watched a let's play for Alan Wake, I liked the setting and liked the atmosphere and love Gravity falls as well...so I thought why not make it bigger and sand-boxy...and honestly I like creating games in my head. Makes time fly. (: I got other games planned.\n\nThe setting :\n\nThe world is exactly like ours but monsters aren't a weird thing to see or a few organizations that know about them, they exist, but aren't that wide spread or known some city folks don't believe in them, more prevalent in the 3rd world than in the 1st world countries. More in rural areas than in crowded ones. In cities they have to hide and hunt less etc etc you get the idea. Each part of the world got monsters or creatures from its respective mythology. \n\nThe world :\n\nA hand-crafted small town with access to sea, a nearby mountain and forest. A world that's riddled with secrets caves, monster lairs, old research facilities from current and past eras around the map. Think the 1st Dark souls level of hand crafted world.\n\nThe main character :\n\nA teen boy of 13 to 15 years, who have never left his small town, lives with his grandparent who's not the best caretaker there is. And this boy got insatiable curiosity with too much time on his hands. He isn't a chosen one, he won't save the world. He will be there to help though. He starts making a book about the monsters around town after he notice their increasing activities. \n\nThe mechanics:\n\nIt's a 1st/3rd person, nonlinear, open world game with rpg elements (stats and what not) where the exp levels matter. You get around solving mysteries or doing quests.\n\nThe exp level would be an indication of how the character would react in different situations, a level 3 would run away and you lose control of it if faced by a higher level monster, a vampire for example. A level 3 character would get a visible shaky hands when pointing a gun at a monster and obviously miss more often. \n\nStats like strength and speed would be clear to see in the character and the monster or the world. A werewolf (again just an example) would be a blur to a character with low speed. Strength would get a visual feedback, like melee attacks would stagger enemies or push them back and so on.\n\nYou can choose to stay home at night, or go out and hunt monsters ( the grandparent isn't around or care), do time sensitive quests. Or do day time quests. The day time could be used to investigate and look for more clues to solve the current mystery. \n\nThe monsters :\n\nThey come from all mythologies and folklores, I'd choose unique ones with a few mainstream favorites with twists. They'd as small as pixies and as big as they get and all types of them, ethereal, from different dimensions. Haven't thought much about this particular part of the game.\n\nThe story : \n\nTo simplify it, there's an increasing monster migration and activity around the town. Governmentaland non governmental organization are flocking to the town as well to study this phenomenon.\n\nPeaceful mythological creatures and small monsters turn violent out of their own will.\n\n""The master is coming and he is gonna take us all back."" Written on the bedroom wall where a family is killed and hung from the ceiling by their legs. \n\nThe side-quests :\n\nThey aren't all related to monsters, since it's a small town, you know everyone there and can tell if someone is acting weird. I got some of them thought out, it would be too much to type. They'd go from help your neighbors with their missing cat to 'bind your abusive husband to your will using blood witchcraft ' to multiple killings to 'game world scale mind control by a powerful telepathic' monster'.\n\nOpinions? (:"
51pcwq,Class suggestion in an RPG - merchant - about skills,"(I'm not really sure if its appropriate to post something like this in this site but anyway.)\n\n\nSwordsman, archer and mage classes have been too usual for RPG. I just felt an urge to give some new ideas for other RPG classes such as the 'merchant'. Here's the list:\n\n\n\nTAG PRICE - tap enemy to increase its chance of dropping good items once it is defeated\n\nRIFF RAFF - use an item from the inventory to attack, damage depends on item's price\n\nTOSS COIN - use money to attack, damage does not depend on the amount of money used (general idea taken from some online game)\n\nPENNY PINCH - use money to improve own/allies' attack for some turn or time\n\nFAIR SHARE - use money to gain same buffs(status improvements) as the target\n\nCUT COST - reduce money consumed when using skills for some time\n\nPRICE HIKE - increase money consumed when using skills for some time to increase the skills' effects\n\nOFFER BRIBE - pay money to successfully flee\n\nBANKRUPT - increase all stats when no money is left\n\nINSURANCE - gain bonus defense when an item owned is destroyed\n\nWAGE WORK - gain bonus rewards from quests\n\nADVERTISE - reduce target's defense for every buff and ailment it has\n\nDISCOUNT - tag price has a chance to inflict 'discount' status which lowers the cost of money used for merchant skills\n\nCREDIT CARD - enable the use of CREDIT points (generated by other skills) to replace money when using skills. e.g. 1 credit = 10 coins, 10 coins used for a skill can be replaced by 1 credit instead\n\nFUND RAISE - collect mana from allies to generate some credits\n\nREVENUE - gain credits when an enemy with tag price is damaged\n\nREIMBURSE - use credit to recover mana of ally when affected by his/her support skill\n\nFRUGALITY - chance not to consume money/credit when skill is canceled or missed\n\nLEND LEASE - transfer some stats temporarily to an ally\n\nSkills in 'negotiation to sell items in higher price or buy items in lower price' thing not included\n\n\n(I don't know if the names/ideas already exist in some other games or sites or novels. If it did, it's not plagiarism right?)"
51o4zi,A side-scroller shooter in a sci-fi/horror setting with survival mechanics,"I've had this concept floating around for a while now, and I've been toying with some sprites and ideas on how to go forward with it.  At this point I may as well share this with people and see who all is interested.  This is a game I've been thinking about making for quite some time, especially after being inspired by other indie games like Lone Survivor that have accomplished what I didn't think was possible; take a side-scroller world and turn it into something realistic by not keeping everything restricted to the single, flat, 2d plane like normal sidescrollers.\n\nThe game's working title is currently called Adrift.  You start as either a female or male character (debating on which, might wind up female but I'm not interested in the whole 'making a point' political approach to adding female main characters in video games.  Female works though because it's going to be survival horror in approach and it seems to click with me currently).  Your character wakes up in cryo stasis aboard a derelict ship.  They have little memory due to how long they've slept, but the main character does know that he/she is an engineer aboard the vessel.  Their goal is to survive and found a way out; the long-term goal is to get a ship working with FTL that can help get them back home.\n\nThe approach for this game is that it is a pixelated sidescroller that will likely use Gamemaker Studio for development.  Your character will be vulnerable to many hazards; the ship you are on is busted and derelict, abandoned for all intents and purposes after some unknown tragedy.  While you might be the only living person left aboard for all intents and purposes, you are not alone.  There are things lurking in this ship that are just as desperate as you are, and they are hungry.  Your only weapons will be the tools you acquire throughout the game; a modified Lazor-Razor can be used as a makeshift laser cutter for taking apart electric panels and cutting/fusing wires.  A Rivet Gun that isn't used for sealing wall panels and patching holes in the floor becomes a makeshift pistol.  A Dragon's Tooth (tm) band-saw not used for carving up sheet metal becomes a melee weapon, and so on.  Most importantly you need to find water, food, shelter, and so forth in order to survive and further your objective; getting the hell out of this place.\n\nThis game will attempt to give a pseudo Dead Space vibe in terms of its approach to atmosphere and ambient sounds/music.  In fact, perhaps the biggest inspiration for this game besides its Lone Survivor art style and gameplay direction comes from Dead Space 3, specifically the chapter involving the CMS Roanoke and the other derelict spacecraft trapped in orbit above an abandoned and lifeless planet, not to mention other games that have approached sci-fi horror within the past couple of decades.  You'll get that particular Space-Hulky feel as you travel between decks of certain ships in order to acquire the parts/resources you need to survive and get the heck out.  Different ships will have different hazards to deal with as you traverse them, with some hazards appearing out of nowhere as you explore the game, and appearances on each ship can be deceiving, with some being safer than others to explore despite appearing mundane.\n\nWhat this game WON'T have, guaranteed, is a procedural generation system.  This won't be a rogue-lite, individual bits of ships will be hand-crafted rather than made via an algorithm.  While you can approach aspects of the game in an open world setting, the game's focus and some of its story elements will be individually linear, with each ship having their own story to tell in their own special way.  In the end, your end-goal will be the same regardless; leave the system alive.  All else is secondary.\n\nLemme know what you think.  When I get to a phase where I'm developing the game enough to show off I will let people know (though probably on a different subreddit, of course, wouldn't want to break the rules now, would we?)."
51nztv,[Request] I'm making a FPS Horror game. Help me figure out the mechanics for the combat.,You play as a monster hunter who hunts monsters in the dark. Its pitch black and all you have is a flashlight. The monsters spawn randomly in the open world. When they are near they make their signature noise so you know what type of monster is near.\n\nI need help with:\n\nWhat weapons will the player have? \nHow will the player kill the monsters? \nWhat is going to make this monster hunting fresh and exciting over a long playthrough?\n\nThanks in advance for any replies that do come through. 
51nwm9,What kind of cyberpunk games would you guys like to play?,"Cyberpunk 2077 has me excited about the genre again. I'm also looking for a game that would be great with that dystopian aesthetic. What cyberpunk games would you guys like to see made? It could be any game type (tycoon/Sim, puzzle, etc). "
51nn96,A D&amp;D styled game that plays like a modern RPG,"I've heard a lot of praise about the Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, and Icewind Dale series of games.  A lot of praise.  I'm pretty upset about it though because despite these games being around during my time I never got into them due to a lack of exposure to many games during my childhood, and so looking at them now, as an adult, I'm not sure if I can get myself interested in playing an isometric RPG due to how ancient the mechanics look when watching gameplay (which, I know, it's a sad excuse, but it's the only excuse I can think of that's keeping me from forking over the cash to play these games, especially since at least two of them have a remastered edition on Steam).\n\nI've become a huge fan, however, of Dungeons &amp; Dragons over the years, having played a couple of tabletop games with friends and having read many of the novels (specifically the Legend of Drizzt series), and I feel like it's a huge shame that there aren't a lot of modern games besides the MMOs that take place in the vast worlds of D&amp;D.  Granted, there have been a number of Indie game approaches lately such as Pillars of Eternity and one could technically include Sword Coast Legends as a D&amp;D title despite its commercial flop, but again I'm less interested in a modern take on the old mechanics of previous games and more interested in just a modern RPG in general, something similar to the Dragon Age games by Bioware in terms of character design or perhaps The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim by Bethesda in terms of how much of the world one can explore.  It would be amazing to be able to explore the world of the Forgotten Realms, Athas from Dark Sun, Eberron, or Golarion from Pathfinder in a modern RPG experience, with either a first person or third person perspective and proper modern 3d visuals to go along with it.\n\nAnybody agree with me?"
51kles,Star Wars Republic General game,"So for a long time I'd always wished a game about this would exist, and then I found this subreddit. So the idea is that you are the controller of multiple divisions (not sure what they're called in the Republic) in the Clone Wars and you have an objective to do. This is kinda like Ultimate General: Gettysburg. There could also be space battles with Republic and Seperatist cruisers.\n\nI know there are some similar games like this (cant think of the names at the moment) however it would be more recent graphics and we haven't had a strategic star wars game in a fair amount of time. To clarify, this would be a 3rd person commander of an army - not 1st person. "
51ii74,A top-down racing game where you are dragon sperm reaching the egg.,"From the microscopic level, sort of a gross, reverse-Katamari, fantasy-biology racing game where obstacles and hazards decrease your size."
53cxwj,A more of a diplomatic game.,"I'm kinda tired of games consisting of constant war. It would be interesting if games like Civ, Victoria: Revolutions ( and 2 ) merged to create a game. Or if some game developers made one with better A.I for diplomacy, like if you won a war against one country they would probably try to align with one of your enemies. Or you didn't give a nation their war goal and then they invade you to retake it. Defensive Pacts, threats, Ultimatums would make a pretty interesting game I believe. Also with the feature to draw new borders and not  just have boring provinces. ( probably wouldn't work though."
53chyo,A few game ides,"I have got a few game ideas and I don't know which one I should make. I know they are big ideas, so just tell me in the comments which games you would like to play:\nA space dogfighting game, like in the old Star Wars Battlefront, but with more content.\nA realistic shooter for tactical missions (like Arma), but you are not playing against the AI, but against other players. Both of the teams have different objectives, like hold and conquer.\nA Counterstrike clone, because Counterstrike is getting worse every update\nA sci-fi RPG, in which you play as a bounty hunter. Imagine the life of Boba Fett for example.\n"
53brt5,"You are being haunted by spirits. The longer your character looks at them, the faster your heart beats. They cannot kill you, only your heartbeat can.",
53az4z,Fantasy Community Game,"So as the title suggests I have an idea for a fantasy based game where the premise of the game, is not so much about adventure as it is about community.\n\nThe basic idea is that the game would be a fantasy type game where players create live in a realistic fantasy comminity.\nSome players can create their own cities, within those cities other players can create their own towns and shops run by themselves/other players, others can do quests set by players, etc.\n\nThe game would be similar to World of Warcraft, but instead of npc's and everybody being an adventurer, players would get to create the world themselves and choose what life they wish to choose.\n\nFor example, one individual can claim land to create their own small village. From there other players can purchase land from the mayor and create their own little shop/home (bakery, armory, inn, adventure guild, etc...). The mayor could have to pay upkeep to keep his land which he can get from taxes from the citizens, and have to hire services like police to keep the village safe.\nMany of these types of village can be created and a large economy would be created by the player base, where countless villages trade with one another, and sell to passing adventures. Kingdoms could be formed, wars can be raged. And the game would be as if you were truly playing a real living game rather than a simple scripted story.\n\nStrangely enough, I got idea of this game idea from the old Minecraft server plugin called 'Towny.' I remembered back when I played the game, I joined an extremely small town, bought a plot of land for a house, a farm, and a shop. And I remembered the joy I had watching the town grow as more members joined, and all of the members formed a small but close community.\n\nI also got the idea from an anime called 'konosuba' and 'Sword Art Online' ( &lt;-- even though this sucked, the concept is still amazing). Where people are dropped into a fantasy world, and they are surrounded by other players who essentially formed their own town where each have their own role.\n\nI'm not too sure how to create this game, as I feel that the game would need to be quite large in order for it to feel fun. \nYou would need a large world with enough land to support the players, \nA large community to make the game feel alive (as everything would be run by players.)\nPlenty of job (including adventurers which in itself large) variety to make a functioning world\nA well balanced economy\n\n\nI am not too sure how well I explained this idea, but I think that this concept is really interesting, but have not really seen any game actually do this.\n\nIf anybody has any ideas, questions, thoughts ,or anything else please tell me and I will try to answer as soon as possible!\n\nEdit : Changed flair to AAA because the idea seems like an large scale MMO which could be very difficult to create with a small team."
53aumu,A game Idea I thought of when joking with a friend,"So I showed a friend a few miniutes ago a video that was a mashup of the nutshack and moskau, and I jokingly said it was from interdimensional phillipino internet friends of mine who sent it and that it's the only good thing about their universe, which is a universe where the U.S. was taken over long ago by the U.S.S.R. and so the U.S. and vus the phillipines, are now ruled over by an Immortal Cyborg Stalin with no hope of freedom.\n\nI than told him ""That should be an actual game"" and I thought this out.\n\nBasically it's Wolfenstein:The New Order, but your fighting totalitarian assholes on the other side of the political spectrum.\n\nGameplay wise, I'd say it would be mostly a standard Third or First Person Shooter, though I'd like suggestions for gameplay mechanics so it isn't just that.\n\nNow, before you say ""But isn't Red Alert just this?"", I haven't actually played the games mind you, but from what I can tell,In Red Alert you play as the president as he tries to fight off an alternate, much bigger USSR. in this one, your the leader of a small libertarian resistance group in the Phillipines who has to avoid being caught &amp; tortured by the KGB and try to liberate areas.\n\nI'd like to perhaps also put a little Sci-Fi to this, Not sure how long the U.S. would be U.S.S.R. Run in this game's universe, but let's assume it's been since about 1930s/40s and now in the game it's the 2120s.\n\nThoughts and Suggestions?"
53apb3,Tf2 vs Overwatch Source mod?,"I would love to see a game where one team is overwatch, and the other is TF2. Of course all classes for both games would have to be made perfectly for it to work, and it would have to feel polished or there would be no teamwork, and of course make it free for obvious reasons lol."
53a6lk,A Pokemon Golf Spinoff,"I came up with an idea called ""Pokemon Golf"". Me, myself, however, am not gonna be a game designer anytime soon so I might as well share my idea to other people. Pokemon Golf is just a game of golf. With a twist. There would be two modes of the game. Exploring and Golf.\n**Exploring Mode** : it's like the normal Pokemon world. Catching Pokemon. Buying Pokeballs. Plus fighting other trainers. After you catch a Pokemon you can use them in Golf Mode.\n**Golf Mode** : You use your Pokeballs with Pokemon inside of them as Golf Balls. The thing is that depending on which Pokemon you use they have a special attack. There are two buttons **ATTACK** and **SPECIAL** . The attack button opens the Pokeball and makes the Pokemon inside of it hurt the nearby Pokeball. Example : Pikachu! I choose you! **Pikachu hits the nearby Pokeball with lightning hurting them.** \nThe special button makes it so that the Pokeball does something related to the Pokemon inside of it move towards a certain direction. Example : Pidgey! I choose you! **The Pokeball flies forward because Pidgey is inside of it.**\nWhen you attack a Pokeball the Pokemon inside of it loses HP in it's HP bar. When you lose all your HP on a Pokemon you need to pick a new one (the new one, of course, lands where the 1st one fainted). When you lose every Pokemon you lose the golf battle. There is two ways to win. Killing the other team of Pokemon or Finishing all 12 holes with the best score. The Golf Mode in this game replaces normal Pokemon in Exploring Mode battles (besides when you're capturing Pokemon) like gym Battles and random encounters with other trainers. Well that was my game idea. I hope it wasn't too long to read. If there is any suggestions or questions you have please post them down below."
5392bn,A production game where you custom build every little thing,"Say you wanted to place a factory. It would give you a set amount of resources, or money, or whatever, and you would build the factory to the speed, or effectiveness that you want, the game would save that factory^[1] and you could build it anywhere. The same would go for every single building.\n\n\n1. To make things a lot simpler, instead of having to run through the entire factory every time something was produced, the game could save it as a string of numbers, improving performance.\n\nIf anyone would want to make this a reality, PM me and I can talk to you in more depth about it. I would not want to make money off of it, only to play it."
5374oe,"Searching for Coders and Concept artist , for private video game company",I have ideas for about 100+ games I know I'm thinking big but have a team of 10 people with unique skills in creating all types of games we will be getting Our video game company off the ground Loaded Gaming.inc need others with similar visions too make there ideas as well as ours too come alive please contact me via email : riseninnovationproj@gmail.com would love too hear from you !
535igu,A 3RD Person shooter open world game,So youre a guy with a white short sleeved hoodie with a black undershirt jeans boots blue hair and green eyes(inspiration was taken from chara in underverse) and you need to stop a mad gang leader from killing everyon you know and love! you will need to make knives swords machetes and guns. but you can always just take guns an knives from your enemies
5352y7,A survival horror game based on The Library.,"For those who don't know, The Library is a collaborative writing project on a speculative evolution forum. The premise is that in another dimension, there is an infinite library that transports living animals and plants from Earth libraries into the infinite giant library. As a day in our world is a century in the Library, this means that animals as diverse as flies, crocodiles (from Egyptian temples) and humans have had over a hundred million years to evolve in this infinite realm of books and lightbulbs and shit. It can be read here: http://s1.zetaboards.com/Conceptual_Evolution/topic/5850516/1/\n\nI imagine it wouldn't be much harder to make than SCP Containment Breach or Stranded Deep, and it could be pretty bare bones with a generated environment, basic hunger, thirst and crafting systems, and creatures like usurpers and panzers (evolved crocodiles) to sewer worms (evolved tapeworms that shoot hooks up your ass and dissolve your insides to eat while you're sitting on the toilet) to Cheshire cats (evolved cats with multiple rows of shark-like teeth). Maybe some extra environments like reservoirs (bodies of water) and sawdust deserts (large, dry expanses of sawdust). All credit would be due to the original content creators for their idea of The Library. What do you guys think?"
5352pf,"A game like l4d2, but you can build your own forts","So it would be a game like Left 4 Dead 2 but instead of venturing out onto the map, you get a set time (10 minutes?) to build a base with health (walls can break ect) and you have to defend it until you die or give up. And you can only place a few barricades once the game has started.\n\nWell, if anyone wants to help me make a prototype/beta for it, I would like help, just pm me (Im not very good at game making its self, but I would like to learn but I can make models, a few types of scripts ect)"
5350jw,RPG Game Based Around Multiple Endings And Choice,"OK, So my idea is a type of RPG game where a dark army is trying to resurrect an ancient evil god (Think along the lines of Legend Of Zelda 2). To achieve this, the dark army must gain a certain number of artifacts (I am not yet set on the number). The twist is, they do not have any of them yet, giving our hero and his companions a chance to collect all of them (Or Atleast 1) and prevent the dark army from sealing the fate of the world.\n\nNow, On to the important part, the mechanics. First off, the player will not be able to reload after they have died, once they are dead, their saves are deleted, and the ""The World's Doom Is Assured"" ending plays. Second, the battle system will be pretty simple, something similar to old school final fantasy's system (Final Fantasy 1-4). Finally, the main mechanic is that their is not just 1 way to ""Win"". The reason ""Win"" is in quotes is because certain endings are ambiguous. For example, in one ending, the hero would entrust 1 of the 3 artifacts he has with 3 different kings,then he attempts to fight one of the generals of the dark army, and dies. Once this happens an ending plays stating that with the dark army missing artifacts, they wage a constant war against the kings who were entrusted with the artifacts, causing great suffering for the people of those kingdoms, however not near as great as if the evil god were resurrected, and the cinematic ends with text stating ""The Fate Of The World Is Unsure..."""
533aqg,I need help coming up with ideas for a digital card game theme/topic,"Ok, long story short, I'm thinking of making an educational card game to see if games can be used to make teaching more effective and enjoyable for both students and teachers. I have a good idea for how the mechanics/rules are going to be set out.\n\nHowever, I need ideas for topics, which is where I need your help. I have no idea where to start.\n\nIt can be anything, as long as it's suitable for students aged 7-11. I'll answer any questions you have."
532z23,Looking for an abstract *.io game idea!,"Some of my favorite games have been abstract, such as agar.io and diep.io. Using simple shapes to convey powerful ideas is a great premise for a 2D *.io game, but I'm having trouble coming up with a fun one.\n\nI've got the background and the skills to make an IO game (and have been working on protocol prototypes lately), so if you can come up with a fun idea I'll make it a reality. Just think... children.io... think of the kids..."
53280r,"Idea for a cool, cartoonish yet very adult, singleplayer, third-person, RPG, adventure game.","It's just a third-person adventure game with a VERY, VERY, **VERY** long story (along with the post story). What makes me moist about this idea...Are the skills.\n\nThe main character obtains a stone. This stone can let him changes into 4 classes (Warrior, Hunter, Assassin and Mage). Each Class has at least 16 abilities that can be combined with each other for different effects and 1 ultimate ability. The classes each have 4 types (Valor, Ruthless, Bulwark and Corrupt). The player must choose at least one types for each class for the rest of the story. No changing it in anyway through the whole game. Each element also has different abilities.\n\nThe game also has bosses of course.....the bosses....it's like playing against a very good, real, live online player lol."
52zo5z,Multiplayer LAN/Split Screen Games,"Hey,\n    I'm able to code Python, and I need something to code! School can be boring at sometimes, and I know I'm not the only one who feels this way. I want to make a Multiplayer LAN/Split Screen game, but as I'm not super creative, I need some ideas. Yes, this is pretty broad, so I'll narrow it down a little. I'm looking for a small game, think (minesweeper), that's a fun, time-wasting game, something you can play with/against friends. However, it's a kind of game that doesn't save state from time to time. Every time you play, you start as if you were new."
52ybwz,Need an Idea,"if at all u want a game to be remade . what old school game you would lik to be remade. old school games like age of contra. hope to see some replies. and if im making a game out of your idea , i will give credits for sure."
52xfd7,2D RTS with interesting game mechanics,I have been developing a prototype for 2d rts game but i need ideas for interesting game mechanics. \nThe one mechanic i have now that i would like to keep is a procedural map generation but i am not sure of the theme of the game or any interesting mechanics yet.
52wmow,Game 1 2,"(TL;DR at bottom)\n\n\nStarting off in the real world as a normal guy/girl, with high resolution, you begin your day. You remember that today is different. Today to get to try a new, fully immersive virtual reality in your nearby city's game development company's headquarters. There were only three winning codes in the giveaway, and you landed one. You couldn't believe your luck!\n\n\nAs you walk in the glass doors of the building, you find yourself in a large lobby, walking towards a greeting desk that has a single attendant. She greets you by name, which momentarily takes you aback, but nonetheless, you comply with the request to turn over the contents of your pockets for the duration of the day's testing of the software. You feel like it's a bit much, but assume they just don't want anything being leaked and follow the woman beyond the desk, and to the elevator.\n\n\nUpon reaching one of the upper floors, you emerge from the elevator to see three chairs with headsets and screens attached to each. The scene makes you think of The Matrix, but in a clean, modern, white room. One of the other winners has already arrived, and is standing by the window, enjoying the view.\n\n\nAfter having a chance to wonder around the room and talk with the other winner(the opposite gender from you), who seems very enthusiastic about shooter games, the elevator opens once more. The final winner, a younger boy, approaches the hardware. You know the minimum age was 18, but this kid looks too young. Before you get a chance to say anything to him, a middle-aged man comes from one of the doors on your right. He introduces himself as the creator and lead designer of the game.\n\n\nAfter asking all of you to take an assigned seat, he explains that you will not all be playing the same game. This is somewhat of a surprise, but he explains that they have been experimenting with different gaming engines that they had created over the last few years, for the sake of trying to push the limits of the hardware. You would not know what the other winners would be playing, nor were you allowed to discuss your experiences with anyone other than the design team, and only then could you speak with them behind closed doors. Without any time for questions, three assistants begin to place the headsets on each of your heads, start up the program, and run you all through the calibration process. Once you have selected 'Done,' you feel yourself falling out of the calibration room, and landing on a hard, flat surface. As you look up, you find yourself in a three dimensional low resolution world.\n\n\nThis world reminds of you of an old platformer you loved to play. You aren't sure how you would defend yourself, but you noticed you have what, at first, looks like a normal block. Almost like a large, red Lego. But somehow you know it's a gun, and you fire. Surely enough, a ball of fire explodes from the far end. You watch it continue in a surprisingly straight line until you can no longer see it. As you come back to notice you haven't moved, you decide to start the game.\n\n\nAfter jumping off the initial platform, you run trough the game very similarly to an early Mario Bros. game. It explains itself as you go with simple introductions to enemies and mechanics. You only make it through a few levels before your hear a buzzer. The game goes black, and you find yourself back in the calibration room. Suddenly, a voice can be heard through your headset, as if there is a narrator for your game.\n\n\n""You have completed the test run of the game engine assigned to you. We will now run today's version of the game you will be testing. Thank you, and have fun. You will have four hours.""\n\n\nOnce again, you fall from the calibration room and into your game. This time, you see a large difference in definition. You can see your body as if you were actually there, but the resolution around you was too low to make it feel completely real. It was almost like you were back on your old PlayStation 2, but completely immersed in the world of your game.\n\n\nAs you look around, you notice something in the corner of your eye. It moves as you move your head, but you could read it by just moving your eyes.\n\n\n""RPG""\n\n\nYour heads up display told you what kind of game you would be playing, and you couldn't not be more excited! You had been playing Fallout 4 everyday since launch, and was confident you would be able to give a lot of feedback. Maybe you could even be on the design team!\n\n\nAs the game goes on, t becomes increasingly difficult. Eventually, you find yourself struggling, but the test comes to an end before you could master the skills needed to move past a certain point in the trial that had been giving you trouble. As you rise from your seat, you cannot wait to come back tomorrow and see what is beyond that barrier that has held you back. The first person you met seems just as excited as you, but even more animated, and the design lead is beaming at the sight of testing that has obviously gone well. The boy gets up from his seat somewhat slowly, white as a sheet, but with a grin on his face. He seems to have enjoyed the experience, but it also seems that it took a lot out of him. You knew you couldn't ask him about it, so you all went into your respective interview rooms to give feedback.\n\n\nAs you leave, you cannot wait for the next day of testing. They promised immediate changes in the games by the time they would arrive the next day!\n\n\nWhen you arrive for testing the next day, the first person is literally jumping at the chance to get back in the chair, while the boy seems to be fidgeting. You brush it off as excitement. Besides, you feel far to impatient already. Once you get in the chair, you fly through the calibration excitedly so that you can get back into your game.\n\n\nUpon landing, you notice the differences in the game look like the developers moved ahead ten years. Resolution, smoothness, detail, everything looked better. You enthusiastically ran to your next objective and fought on.\n\n\nAfter passing the gate you had fought so diligently to open, you continue the game with a strange feeling. It feels like someone is behind you, but you never find anyone there. After another hour of gameplay, you feel that you don't have too much time left and want to make the most of it. Then, to your left something comes running towards you with something close behind.\n\n\nIt's some kind of massive monster, and it's barreling directly at you. Or at least you think so at first. It runs right in front of you, seeming to completely ignore you, as does the person chasing it. As they pass by, you notice a crucial detail that completely throws you off: the person is the shooter enthusiast. They couldn't see you, but you could see them as if they were in your game. As they go beyond the next hill, you don't see them go up the next one. You go to investigate, but they have disappeared.\n\n\nAs you get up from your chair, the person you saw running through your game looks like they are proud of themselves for making it as far into the game as they have, but they seem like they ran a marathon. The boy can barely stand. He appears weak, and the assistants come to help I'm to one of the back rooms. This concerns you, but you're confident they'll take good care of him.\n\n\nIn your interview after testing that day, you mention the glitch to the developer you're speaking with. You don't think much of it, but the man's demeanor changes noticeably, and seems to have a concerned look on his face. You are quickly escorted out with promises that it will be fixed by the next morning. You think they are just concerned about not wanting to give a bad impression, seeing as the boy seemed to have a rough time as well.\n\n\nThe next day, you arrive to see the shooter fan in the same place you met them: by the window. They seem calm, like they're getting ready for a tough chess match. Not long after, the boy arrives. He does not look well at all. He seems to have lost a couple of pounds, is still pale from the day before, pupils dilated, and not focusing on anything. He almost purposefully keeps away from the chair until asked to take his seat. You ask the assistant helping you with your headset if they boy is ok. She said he hadn't had enough to eat this week, so they would feed him after a couple of hours. Slightly reassured, you begin your testing.\n\n\nOnce you land, you cannot believe the progress they design team has made. Every detail about the game has been brought up to the standards of the most recent console, and could pass as a modern PC game. You try to imagine what kind of processing power this machine must have, but your thoughts are interrupted by another beast hurling itself past you. Surprised, you watch it run to the next hill before stopping. Something is different. It turns and glares directly at you.\n\n\n""Don't just stand there! Let's kill that thing!""\n\n\nYou look behind you, and it's the shooter enthusiast. You look at them, dumbfounded, as they take their shots at the beast. They never look at you, completely focused on the task at hand, so you decide to help them kill this thing first and ask questions later.\n\n\nAfter giving the final blow, you walk up to the other tester. They finally recognize you.\n\n\n""What are you doing in my game?""\n\n\n""I could ask you the same thing.""\n\n\nYou both decide to run with it, and continue with the game. Your waypoints seem to be pointing in the same direction: the castle in the center of the map. The only location neither of you had dared to approach.\n\n\nAs you get closer, the enemies get stronger, and the guards get smarter. But with both of you present, it still seemed like a piece of cake. Opening the gate to the castle took teamwork, though. This was a surprise, seeing that these were supposedly meant to be single-player games. Not to mention totally independent of each other. Once the gate slams open however, all of those questions are overshadowed by what you see.\n\n\n-----\n\n\nTL;DR You test a VR game in development over three days. Three gamers. Three games. Glitches eventually put you all in the same game world, combining your games (RPG, FPS, Horror), and two of you end up fighting the third gamer, who is possessed and whose mind is removed from their body.\n\n\n-----\n\n\nNotes: I wanted to stop there before settling on anything else concretely. I know the boy will be taken over by the horror game he's playing, and trying to remove his helmet will contain his mind in the game (details are still needing to be worked out). The castle is where his game takes place, and he becomes the final boss, requiring co-op play.\n\n\nNot sure where to go from here, or who to take it to. I just found this sub after waking up with the idea, so any ideas are appreciated."
52vxzy,Wanted,"Looking for someone who has the desire to get into creating 2D PC game . In my opinion it is modest idea of ​​great potential. I would "" Lunge ""  on my own, unfortunately I do not have enough experience. It is the type of game sas 3.4\nnew breakout . Simply top down mouselook . :-) Thank J\nP.S. Only serious and serious ; )\n+ Or if it was willing to anyone advise me ... ( for example, what engine, etc. ) , simply the best solution !"
52vvog,Need game ideas for an *.io game!,"Hi,\n&amp;nbsp; \n\nI am really enjoying games like agar.io &amp; slither.io.\n&amp;nbsp; \n\nYou can play right away no need to register.\n&amp;nbsp; \n\nI am currently trying to make an *.io game, duals.io is an example. \nI have the skills to make a game,\nbut not an awesome idea that would be cool to play, and really fits multiplayer.\n&amp;nbsp; \n\nOne of my ideas would be to turn it into a ganster-like game. Where you play as a criminal, you can destroy cars kill pedestrians, escape the police and have fun.\nThe thing is i don't know how to turn it into something competitive so you can rank the players and show a leaderboard.\n&amp;nbsp; \n\nBut I would love to hear some ideas from you guys!\nIf the idea is great it would become a reality :)"
52u51i,Fugitive,"This game idea is largely inspired by GTA: San Andreas, which I played many years ago yet still, somehow, have good memory of.\n\nSo you start out in a prison, and your first goal is to escape. Escaping is easy the first time, but once you're out, the police are searching for you.  Outside of the prison would be an open world with the prison in the center surrounded by forest/swamp, and further out there would be a few towns with cars you could take, people you could harass, etc. However, committing crimes would only arouse more attention, making the police more likely to catch you, while laying low makes the police slowly give up the search. If you get caught by the police and re-arrested, you go back to the prison, but this time its expanded so that its harder to escape. Every time you escape from the prison and are re-captured, additional security measures are added in an attempt to prevent you from escaping. Perhaps procedural generation could be used there.\n\n"
52tjx6,Need a gameplay idea for 2d rpg,"So I got an idea of a game story exploring mental illness and making parallels with being in a foreign planet (or country/culture) where you don't understand what people are saying.\n\nThe main idea would be at some point to switch between reality and alien world a bit like link to the past. To switch between stable state and mental illness.\n\nI want the game to be really short.\n\nMy biggest issue is that Im not sure of what I want in term of gameplay.\n\n I don't want it to be look like its comming out of rpg maker. I liked to the moon, but I really hate that rpg maker feel...\n\nI really love Undertale and earthbound, but I don't want to copy it too much from it either. I tough bullet hell combat were very clever and Im hoping to get an original idea like that...\n\nAnother idea was a metroidvania like guacamelee/cave story but I hate backtracking in game...\n\nIm open to any idea, but it must be 2D. I think Im able to learn to develop in 2D but not so much in 3D."
52q6dv,"Idea for new kind of post in this sub: ""Can I get a top 10..."" And a small Postman Pal update","So while originally I created the game idea as a joke to highlite a kind of concept of a game, ([here](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/50lyff/is_there_a_title_of_genre_of_games_for_things/)\) I am moving forward with production of Postman Pal via got the GameMaker Pro Humble bundle, am learning about the code and testing its application. I dont expect much and it seems like a mild challange to begin on but I'm confident in my work. \n\n___\n\nThat being said, I was hoping to propose a new kind of post here to help people creatively with their games that require lots of little nuances that can be difficult to put to paper. I call it ""Can I get a Top 10..."" They can be anything but the point is its a prompt for a small, short list of things you would commonly see within the field. \n\nSo a post could look like:\n\n&gt; Can I get a Top 10, low level monsters you'd expext to see in a Chuthulu-esk horror space game?\n\nAnd a response could look like:\n\n&gt; 1. Well, my number one would be Squid-Faces, human bodies with octopus's on your head. You can pull from Illithids, head-crabs, or Metroids...\n\n&gt; 2. You cant forget crab people! Anything with a hard exo-shell...\n\n&gt; 3. Swarmers are fun, and can add to the stress of a horror game; pulling from dead space...\n\n&gt; 4. Generally you wont see invisibility, per se, but cloaking and disguising are fun. Have an entire hallway of bloody corrupted barnacles and have a monster stand perfectly still, fitting in like a puzzle piece against the wall waiting to strike...\n\nAnd the list goes on. The point of this kind of post is that, while everyone can think of the #1 #2 and #3 for these kinds of prompts, if you need 10 total it really forces you to think of more examples (even if simple! I probably stretched it by including ""metroids"" ""head crabs"" and ""Illithids"" in one answer.) to share and help out the original asker. I'm not asking you to think of something *different* or unique between yours and the guy below you's posts, answers from different people can share ideas; I'd be damned if somone asked ""Can I get a Top 10 quests in an MMO?"" And the #1 answer for every comment was ""Collect X ammount of Potatoes for me adventurer"" (that being said, also don't just read the comments for the ""right answers"" or ""inspiration as to how to answer,"" it needs to be natural and reading someone elses will squew your results.) But we all have a different idea of what's the #10 on our list and that's what stands to help a dev the most, the obscure ideas that you can't really put a pin in. \n\n___\n\nSo, to maybe start things off: **Can I get a Top 10: scandals/gossip that would happen in a small, secluded village?** "
52q50c,GTA: rags to riches,"you start of as a homeless guy, who's pretty burned out and can't remember his past life. your drug deal get's shot in front of you by cops, and from then you decide to go clean.\n\nthe cops will remember you every time you do something, and you need to finds way to improve you standing in society, through various legal and illegal means."
52psc6,GTA ideas,"I always find myself thinking up ideas for the next GTA game. And recently I thought how cool it would be if they went back in time to the 20s or 50s and portrayed an Italian mafia style setting, giving a suffocated genre the GTA treatment. \n\nWhat are other people's ideas for a cool GTA game?"
52p75j,An idea i just got,It may already been done i dont know but the idea is\nYou are in an office maybe like in the middle of it then suddenly  there is a monster outside the Window and it starts to smash the Building and you have to escape but you dont have enough time to run to the exit so you run to the Building next to the One youre in maybe like you smash the Window with a chair and throw a garbage bin at the other Building Window and jump through or a door is seperating the buildings and you have to find the key to Open it before the Building collapses it may be an endless runner but i dont know just a small idea i got
52n9ey,"Jinkies! - guide a gang of amateur investigators into catching a criminal ""by chance""","TL;DR is basically the title itself.\n\nBackstory: recall the classic adventures of Scooby Doo and gang. In most of the episodes, the gang sets traps to catch and unmask the criminal of the day. However, these traps go wrong 99% of the time, but still work out in the end due to a ridiculous series of events that would make Rube Goldberg proud.\n\nConcept: the idea behind this game is to have a gang of amateur investigators explore an area (mansion, theme park, campsite, factory, etc.), discover the type of criminal they're dealing with (M.O., special abilities, etc.), and avoid getting captured by the criminal--and perhaps the police, if it is a restricted area--while the gang sets up some kind of trap to catch the criminal. Once the trap is set up, the gang would then have to somehow lure the criminal towards the trap. At some point during this phase, something would happen to ruin the trap. For example, the rope holding the cage up could snap. An investigator could lose their glasses and become partially blind, hindering their ability to take care of their part of the trap. The lights in the factory could go out, leaving everyone in the dark. Despite the unfortunate circumstances, you still have to catch the criminal, whether you use your trap or devise a plan B on the spot.\n\nMechanics: I'm not sure what the best approach for this concept would be. It could be a 3D third-person game where you have the ability to switch between investigators in the vein of GTA V (this would require pretty solid A.I.). Or, it could be a 2D top-down/isometric game where you can navigate around the map and control each investigator via point-and-click in the vein of most RTS games. Of course, you could implement multiplayer in either style.\n\nRe-play value: with a limited number of areas/maps, a limited number of criminals, and a limited number of possibly customized investigators (each with their own strengths and weaknesses), this game could get old quick. I imagine it as a LAN party game, without a story... So, to add re-play value, the maps could be procedurally generated to an extent. In a theme park, the rides could be reorganized. Mansions could be various sizes and have different room layouts. Campsites could have cabins or tents. In general, the investigators could be spawned in different locations each time, and possibly even separated to begin with.\n\nI don't know. The concept itself is a work in progress. I'd never have the time to make this myself. Still, what do you all think?"
52m7vp,A game where you climb the corporate ladder in a futuristic corporation ala Paradox - Internal and external intrigues.,"Okay, I have given this some thought and commented about it recently elsewhere because it won't let me go:\n\nImagine you create a character with traits and skills, and you are thrown into a corporate hierarchy that looks vaguely like [this](http://imgur.com/a/jRAkN). You start out in scum pool, and you get paid monthly, with one turn being a week. Your goal is to get into one of the departments (Sales, Production, Organization, Finance), so you have to distinguish yourself skillwise or else, I come back to this.\n\nThe four departments each have sub-positions which require different skills and are each led by Junior Executive (JE) who has to answer to the boss. The Departments compete against eachother, fighting for the best new scum, and for funding from above. Now let's say there are four companies in a game: Each time a company ranks low (3rd or 4th) two weeks in a row, the boss has to chose a JE who is forced to fire a sub-dude. Three times in a row, and the boss has to fire a JE, four times and the boss has to go himself. (Edit: If a company is on top for too long maybe promote the boss to overseas aka offscreen for balancing? Some kind of resources could be spent to switch positions with someone below you for a limited time, allowing him or her to take the blame or promotion, but if they hate you they could fire you).\n\nCombine that with a Like/Fear/Respect system so NPCs and the player could get themselves ahead and have some leverage over each other, the values are influenced by traits and actions like firing/promoting and event choices, or certain special actions which are funded from the private account (Blackmailing, assasination, inside information etc). \n\nPrivate account money could later on also be used to fund illegal actions against other companies, like worker extractions if they like you, or just kidnapping. Another, earlier use could be hardware or augmentations for specific skill advantage (think microsofts like in Neuromancer) so you could outperform and replace Vance in Accounting with your shiny new LEDGER 3.5 implant or whatever.\n\nTo avoid having a simple game over when you are fired, I propose a ""Protegé""-System where you can chose one person any rank below you as a sort of benefactor, and if you are gone you can continue as them. Gives you an ally who could learn from you, but you are also fighting to have him in your department to avoid him being fired by others or helping rivals.\n\nSoooo... wew, feels good to have that out of my head. Any further ideas for brainstorming purposes?\n\n"
52lyn9,"Kart Archery Team Based Thing, Based On Dudes Perfect Video","I assume some of you must have seen [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QfyFqwan4o). The rules are pretty simple : You got 1 diver and 1 archer and your cart has ___ balloons (like 4 as shown in the video). I think this is a great idea for a co-op competitive shooter as the  bow is not as easy to use as a rifle so it would have the difficulty factor. The teamwork is very important as well since you are only driving/shooting. Playing solo might be problem since you would get paired up with a stranger.\n I am sure some1 has though about this, as there are 10 mil views on the video but hey the first time i saw this my mind just jumped to this"
52lu7d,How to download gta v in android 100% work,
52k318,Burglar Simulator,"In this gamre you are a burglar. You have to choose what house to rob. Different houses have different outcome. Some houses are very rich and you can find a lot of money. But houses alo different types of security precautions. \n\nso a house with a lot of money often has a high security status.\nYou have to time when to rob the house. At night there might be a lot of electrical devices that can hinder your attempt. On the upsite the people in the house sleep.\n\nIf u do it at day there might be 3 people walking around in the house.\n\nSo before you do any action you have to plan very well.\n\nNext thing is your equpiment. Do you take a gun with?\nMake sure to know what you take with you. Maybe a rope to climb into the house? You choose your equipment and start the game.\n\nSo now you have to go into the house. This is in the game. You start somewhere next to the house and make your way in.\n\nSo many things can go wrong now or good and the outcome is in your hands. If someone spots you in the house, do you murder him or run away. Every choice you make will affect your future.\n\nIf u go on a killing spree in a family house, the next week all houses will have more security, there will be more police.\n\nOr do you take a silent attempt and people slowly realise that they are robbed. The less damage you do, the less people recognise what you do and the longer you have better sneaking opportunities.\n\nThe game i describe here is not a children game. I want people  to have a chocie. What burglar will you want to be?\n\nA bloody murderer that makes the village in high alert or a silent thief that knows how to infiltrate houses.\n\nMy last point is that in this game npcs should have a life.\nLet them do activities. So the burglar has to react to the peoples behaviour.\n\n(you can also add special things happening like letting the housewife have a lover during 14-16 pm so there is also a story that u can find in every house. You are a burglar and this is the main game, but there is an anvironment  in every house between people that you can silently ""be a part of"" .\n"
52juon,Need game ideas! Name in credits/Your own easter egg!,"I need game ideas! Must be kind of simple. as it is going to be 2D game but submit your ideas, and i'll be interested in anything. \nPlus, you can have your own name in credits/and or a easter egg!"
52jpkd,VR Locomotion,[deleted]
52japf,"Need suggestions for a 3D space themed, turn based strategy game",[deleted]
52iq6t,Island Game Idea,"So pretty much what would happen is you start off in a match with nothing. You and 9 other people are dropped off on an island and need to do whatever possible to escape. Collect materials, interact with other players. The island will eventually start being destroyed by a huge disaster(earthquakes, tsunami, volcano) and you need to escape.\n\nMy idea is that before the time limit of the match is up (30:00?), you need to build a boat to escape the island, or if you can't do that, a helicopter will land at a random point in the map and stay for about 1 minute before it takes off. Your only goal is to get off.\n\nCurrency and XP - \nCurrency and XP would be rewarded by playing a game, crafting stuff, killing people, escaping, and what order you escaped in (ex. 1st would receive more rewards than 3rd). Currency could buy you customization and also these sort of ""kit"" things. They could start you off with more things. XP unlocks the stuff for you to buy by leveling up."
52iln8,Please let me know what you think of this game,
54c2jj,A Platform That Allows Our Mobile Game Ideas To Become Reality Without Developing!,"Hello guys, my name is LJ and as a hardcore gamer I was excited to come across this amazing opportunity. If you are as passionate as I am about creating mobile apps and games continue reading! Many people have great game ideas that never get a chance to be created because they don't have the resources necessary to create them. I am apart of a revolutionary company that does all the hard work for you: design, development, marketing, sales, and support! All you need to do is simply submit your game ideas and if they are deemed marketable and created, you earn 50% of the net income that is generated! Even if you never submit a successful game, you also earn a portion of each partner of the company who does! I am looking for partners who would like to turn their games into a reality and who also get a chance to earn income from it. Message me for more information."
54a8q4,The Minions,"A life simulation video game featuring Minions. The player creates virtual minion and places them in houses and helps direct their moods and satisfy their desires. Players can either place their minions in pre-constructed homes or build them themselves. So pretty much, the Sims with minions instead of people that speak Minionese. "
549oev,Need Horror game idea for school project,"Hi, im looking for ideas to make a horror/scary enviroment game. Maybe stories (not well-known urban legends), or creepy places where the game can takes place. Thanks!"
548j0s,A game about rockets.,"So I have this game idea and I'm curious if any of you would play it at all.\n\nSo the idea is, you are a guy with a rocket launcher going through a series of tests, u have to make it through levels by rocket jumping, timing shots etc, specifically you have to time your rockets to hit something falling down or you have to rocket jump then shoot the guy. \n\nI've always loved quake and this is why this idea interests me a lot, I thought of the idea when watching someone play a game called speedrunners from hell.\n\nI have knowledge in the unreal engine and I might give it a shot if it sounds interesting to you guys. I know it does for me!\n\n"
548c9g,Infrastructure - Build Infrastructure in a nation from 1900 to the Modern Day,"The game would start in the year 1900 and you would be in charge of infrastructure of a nation. You could choose any nation in the world and you would indirectly effect your nation and the path of history itself. However, you do not control your budget. It is assigned by the government. If your government is poor, than you have a lower budget. I can add more to this, but please dont just say its awful with no reason why. Give me reasons. Thanks, Mr. Wrenington"
5486gk,Multiplayer Dungeon Crawler,"**Name:**\n\n- Multiplayer Dungeon Crawler (Working Title)\n\n**Concept Overview:**\n\n- A multiplayer dungeon crawler where you play as a character in a party of other characters that tries to navigate and survive the mobs, horrors, and dragons of a dungeon using strategic and thoughtful gameplay.\n\n**Plot:**\n\n- Dragon underneath dungeon needs to be killed and 4-6 brave adventurers take on the quest.\n\n**Setting:**\n\n- Procedurally generated dungeon that has multiple levels (think Rouge-like).\n\n**Characters:**\n\n- Warrior/Valkyrie: Has the duty of taking on mobs / bosses in close combat and acts as a tank for the party.  Responsible for agroing mobs off of the other characters and controlling overall flow of battle.\n\n- Rogue / Ranger: DPS from long range.  Can solo around dungeon sneaking pass mobs to find secret rooms / treasure chests.\n\n- Mage / Wizard: DPS from long range and debuffer.  Spells would be cast through click and drag mouse maneuvers.\n\n- Cleric / Healer: Primary healing class in the game.  Responsible for keeping party alive, but also keeping him or herself alive because permadeath will be a feature of the game.\n\n- Shaman / Druid: Secondary healing class.  Responsible for buffing party and summoning minions to help with battles.\n\nWill need more character ideas…\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\nThe game would be a multiplayer dungeon crawler rogue-like.  So when a character dies, he’s dead for the rest of the game.  However, after death, the player would get the option to resurrect as a different character (like a rule from Dungeon’s and Dragons) to continue playing with the party. The game I found to be most similar to this idea is /u/justkevin 's [Lost Crypts](http://lostcrypts.com/).  However, I would want to do without the shoot-em-up aspect and instead implement mechanics that have strategic and skillful elements.  \n\nAs mentioned above, the wizard character would perform spells through click and drag mouse maneuvers (think drawing a circle to cast a fireball for example).  In the beginning the wizard would be given a few spells to start with, but as the party progresses through the dungeon, they would discover scrolls that would reveal other spell combinations.  I could see similar mechanics applying to the cleric and shaman classes.  \n\nAs far as the warrior goes, I would not want him simply hacking and slashing. I think he would need to play with deliberate and thoughtful spacing so as to be able to block mobs’ attacks while wizards and other DPS classes are able to get their spells and abilities off.  Likewise, I would not want the Ranger to just be a shoot-em-up type character.  Maybe a difficult aiming mechanic would be the way to go, but there are still lots of ideas to consider…\n\n**Core Mechanic:**\n\n- Players utilize their characters’ abilities to support the party and progress through the dungeon.\n\n**Standout features:**\n\n- Difficult dungeon crawling but extremely rewarding experience for all players.\n\n- Massive re-playability due to players wanting to increase their skills with a particular character class and get further through the dungeon.\n\n- Lots of mystery to uncover so the wise players will be using pen and paper to scribble down spell scrolls and other key information (regarding new game mechanics) they find on their quest.\n\n**Platforms:**\n\n- Computer. I do think a smartphone version would be cool especially if you wanted to have a quick dungeon crawl with a group of friends.\n\n**Extra Features:**\nSince there is permadeath, I think ranking players’ character play is important.  So after a party gets wiped, everyone playing gets a rating and that adds or subtracts from their overall ranking.  If you’re jumping into a party and you’re a B+ wizard that gets in a group that has a D- warrior, then you’ll need to play accordingly to cope with the lack of tank experience.\n\n**Closing Thoughts:**\nThis idea came to me when I was wanting to play DnD but had no one to play with.  I really think the jump-in-and-play dungeon crawling experience would be a fun idea.  I do not think that development would need to be focused much on graphics, but rather on gameplay mechanics.  I think the BYOND engine could do this game justice (I do like Space Station 13’s gameplay and environment) and I am interested in diving in and taking up the challenge myself, what are ya’ll’s thoughts? Bad idea? Needs more?"
54855i,Break-In,"When the game starts out, your character is an ordinary man with a wife, kids and a pet in an ordinary house. The news says that there have been break-ins in the neighborhood. You must first go around the house and try to remember what you have so you'll know if something gets stolen.\n\nWhen you judge yourself done with that, you go to sleep. The next morning, there's signs of a break-in. You must figure out what's stolen and use clues to figure out how the burglar got in and what kind of items he's targeting. Some will just be targeting money, some jewelry, some food, some electronics, and some will come for anything valuable.\n\nThen, using that information, you must use your remaining items to create a trap that will catch the burglar in the act. You can also use money to go to buy things from the store across the street, or ask neighbors to lend your something, but if the neighbor's things get stolen, they will be angry at you and won't lend you stuff in the future, and they even make you compensate them for it.\n\nSome burglars you may have to be robbed by multiple times before you can find a pattern in their burglaries. When you catch one, the police reward you with more money that you can use to make traps for future burglars. You get a new burglar each time you catch one.\n\nOnce you get far into the game, you may even encounter burglars that are looking to murder your family members, rather than stealing things. There's no telling what order those will go in, but they always go for you last, so you have a limited number of nights (One night for each family member and pet) to catch them before you lose the game. Lets say we make the player have a wife, a son, two daughters, and a dog. The murderer may kill the dog first, they may kill the son first, or they may kill the wife or one of the daughters first. After he gets through them all, though, at one per night, he kills you and you lose the game. Each family member you lose is dead for the rest of the game, but perhaps we could have an adoption center in the game to get more kids (adopting a kid just to use him/her as a meat shield isn't very ethical, but oh well), a shelter to adopt more pets from, and a mail-order bride service. These would all cost money, and have a chance of not working that increases if you let too many die. (I did a background check, and you've had 3 kids in a row get killed the day after you adopted them. We can't give you another. Sorry, sir.)"
5479pt,DeezSuccess game,"What if we make a game about a person who born with their own choose of names? From 1-3 they have choices about what toys they want to see what his interested in. From 4-5 they have a choice to be a genius, a normal student, or a dumb person. From 6-10 they start their story with the characteristic you choose at age of 6. At age 11-14, they can start choosing sports, other outside activities they do. At age 15-18, they start high school with their own personal things to do. They start having girl/boyfriends (other player). They can choose the classes they really want. Change class if they don't like it.(limited 5 times) each person has the choices of 6 classes or 3 classes. 6 classes have the advantages of better college and better work. 3 classes just normal colleges and normal work.\nAt the last year of high school, they will be choosing go or not go college. If they don't, they start their journey of finding jobs and more........   (still in the thinking process)\nThis game goal is to buy a dream house chosen in the beginning of college!! I don't do code and game design, but I have ideas of games.. \ncontact: cdsater@gmail.com"
544yuo,[Request] Game idea for gamejam.,"Me and some friends are attending a gamejam, where the theme is Overkill. We can twist the word how much we want. Do some of you have a fun idea with this theme?"
544q8t,Medieval flavored .io simple multiplayer game,"A game with the same multiplayer as diep.io or agar.io and those type, but being a team based game with medieval weapons. Kind of like a vs musou game. Evolution can go along the idea of blade/shield/spear/ranged with different weapons being a different combination of the evolution. Once your evolution gets high enough, you gain the ability to control larger and larger formations of units\n\nUnique to this game would be the ability to form up with others into formations and gain buffs and offense/defense mechanics depending on how many are there, and a focus more of making the enemy rout instead of killing all of them"
5449f4,[Request] looking for someone to help me,game ideas please
541ndn,A visual novel/choose-your-own-adventure in Ancient Mythological Greece with RPG mechanics,"I've been meaning to give a game like this a try, the mechanics are inspired heavily by games like Inkle's adaptation of the Sorcery! series of adventure books, which I honestly prefer over the traditional approach to a visual novel.  I myself intend to make this idea a reality, though if anyone wants to have a go at a similar project you are welcome to try.\n\nThe idea is that this game will be a basic run-of-the-mill Choose Your Own Adventure tale that takes place in Ancient Mythological Greece.  You have a choice between roughly about 6-7 characters (half are male, half are female), who each have their own little introduction 'prologue' that takes place before the main act of the game.  Each of these characters are based on a Greek-ified variation of the traditional Tabletop RPG classes, such as Rogues, Barbarians, Clerics, and what have you, and as such they each come from a different region of Ancient Greece and the nearby lands across the Aegean coast.  The main story will focus on the player character arriving in the Greek city of Lamia to discover that Heracles, the great hero of central Greece, has been murdered and one of the last of the Golden Apples of the Hesperides has been stolen.  It is up to the player to make his/her way across central Greece westward in order to find Heracles' killer and rescue the apple in order to put it in the right hands.\n\nThe game's approach to story is less about the alternate endings and more about the journey.  Players will be able to make their way through Greece in varying ways (I'm thinking up to at least six different story paths that criss-cross with each other over the course of three different acts), using their strengths and skills to aid them on their quest.  The game ends when players avenge Heracles and find the apple, only for the ending scene to hint at a greater evil that may lead to a potential sequel.\n\nThe plan for the game is that it approaches the title similarly to the Sorcery! titles and some Fantasy Flight games, albeit with some of the added strengths that some visual novels have in terms of their ability to expand on the idea of gameplay mechanics.  Players, based on their class/character, can choose to approach problems differently and are approached differently by some characters based on their background.  Combat is also treated differently, as player characters have different abilities, strengths, and weaknesses that will affect overall play; the Priestess of Delphi, for example, will be physically very weak but have the blessings of Apollo and call down holy fire upon her enemies, whereas the Spartan Hoplite can charge into battle with her spear and shield but may find difficulty in being diplomatic in her approach to problems.  Some characters may even find themselves either uplifted or prejudiced due to their background, as many regions of Hellenic Greece are not as united as they may claim to be (however if you happen to be one of the potential candidates for the position of Oracle of Delphi you can find yourself treated like a goddess by the right kind of people).  \n\nThis idea could potentially work with any engine that supports what it takes to make a visual novel work.  Game Maker Studios, Ren'Py, Unity, etc could all function with it.  I see myself potentially jumping to different engines as the project goes along based on what I find works best.  Again, if people feel like they can do a similar project like this quicker than I can feel free to give it a go, I'd love to see what you come up with.  Wish me luck!"
53ywz2,Realistic hacking game,"I have this idea to make a realistic hacking game. Would anyone be interested enough to play that game?\n\nThe plan is to make the game as realistic as possible. For example, user will have to maintain their memory usage, CPU usage, hard disk space, hardware upgrades, and other stuff.\n\nEdit: What about having a custom programming language and make the game feel like its a real OS? "
53wkif,Inception concept idea,"My idea is that  it's a game based off of inception, using the same concept. It's an rpg when you're out in the world, a sandbox when you're designing the dream, and an fps in the dream playing against the enemies there. I don't know how to code, though, so any development help would be welcomed. "
53uacx,"Neko Atsume but with T-Rex instead of cats. Yes, a T-Rex collector game.","Neko Atsume is a ""cat collection"" smartphone game for those who don't know : [Screenshot](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/da/Neko_atsume_screenshot.jpeg)  \n\nSomeone had the idea of a dinosaur collector game way before me : [""concept"" screenshot](http://40.media.tumblr.com/a63fca7a7d4c7d55d26f9ebcf2d12863/tumblr_o0t9v8NTZH1r1th3co1_500.jpg)  ([Source](http://franzanth.tumblr.com/post/136183024197/i-have-a-great-idea-to-help-the-scientific))\n\n&gt;I have a great idea to help the scientific accuracy cause. We make a Neko Atsume inspired game, called Cretaceous Critters. The cats are replaced by smaller, feathered Therapods, smaller pterosaurs, and mammals, all from the Cretaceous. And Tubbs the cat would be replaced by a feathered T. Rex.\n\n\n* * *\n\nOther ideas found online :\n\n* [Cryptid neko atsume inspired game](https://66.media.tumblr.com/56d7577b360340383c5f5bb2437885cf/tumblr_o4v6gub3qU1sjnmsao1_1280.png) ([Source]( http://violetmagician.tumblr.com/post/141965997742/cryptid-neko-atsume-inspired-by-this-post))\n\n&gt; bring me CRYPTO ATSUME the game where you attempt to get photos of the numerous cryptids and paranormal phenomena that show up in your yard. try to work out what kind of food you have to put out to get mothman to show up. all the pictures in your CRYPTIDBOOK are unconvincingly blurry but you know what you saw\n\n* [More : Various neko atsume inspired illustrations](http://www.pixivision.net/en/a/374)"
53pmq0,Procedurally generated distributed permadeath Sci-Fi MMOFPS.,"I know it looks like I just listed off a bunch of fanciful features, but here me out.\n\nYour a broke space adventurer seeking your fortune from this planet's minerals armed only with a knife and basic supplies. The previous inhabitants have created a near infinite number of sectioned off caves as airlocks which only allow 20 beings in cave/room/server at one time.\n\nFirst off, it doesn't have to be distributed, but I can't afford MMO servers any time soon and I think it would work. (I use Unity, but I'm not good enough to make this architecture yet)  One person starts a ""surface"" server and only 20 people can connect. It's a minecraft planet (smoothed over. triangles, not cubes), but it's not editable and no items/objects can be brought there. It's covered in portals. \n\nIf a portal isn't blocked by there being 20 people in its connecting cave/room/server, you can switch to that server. If that server doesn't exist, you become that server/room. The room design would be procedurally generated and I can mostly do that myself. The hard part is the communication of all the objects in that new room. All the player's information (and other objects I'm planning, see below) need to be sent over as well as a server list. I know this will probably need an outside server anyway.\n\nSo basically a server is only keeping track of twenty people max at a time allowing for pure real time PvP. You can purposely block off portals/servers/rooms by occupying them. The portals randomly connect together and there is always an non-blocked portal on the surface level. Each server/room has 0-6 portals which will procedurally connect to other random portals so there is a mesh of connecting rooms. The further down you go, the more rare and abundant minerals there are (never seen, just positions and densities beneath the cave walls). Also, the more difficult mobs (which of course, drop minerals). Rarer minerals allow you to build stuff such as simple houses, better armor and weapons, robots, mining equipment, etc.\n\nYou start off with a basic mining drilling device. There will be trace rare minerals near the surface of the caves to get you started, but mined minerals regenerate at a glacial pace. The closer your mining equipment is, the faster you gain the minerals. You'll have to transport the minerals to places that process and make them into items. Sound will let you triangulate desired minerals.\n\nAsk for more detail."
53ldea,Reboot: The Aftermath,"Story: It is the year 201XXX. Jason Wilhem, a teenager whose been fond of having psychic powers, trains to awaken them. One day he finally does. But at the same time bizarre things have been occurring. A company known as C.R.Y.S.T.A.L. rises to fame. While the company gets more and more popular, very strange things happen (more natural and unnatural disasters, odd looking ships in the sky, people disappearing, cities and loud noises in the sky, etc). This wouldn't seem like a problem for Jason, if his entire family wasn't kidnapped by mysterious men in a flying ship. Jason uses this oppurtunity to test and develop his powers and do something he'll be remembered for as a hero. \n\nConcept: In this 2D (or maybe 3D) styled RPG, the main protagonist (Jason) will be traveling throughout the world. During his adventure, he'll meet interesting people, new friends, new places, and different dimensions. Battle system will be more old school (like Earthbound). At some point in the game, Jason and his newly acquired friends do something so rash, they'll have to go undercover with fake identities. NPCs include people, animals, and objects with artificial intelligence. Vehicles like cars, trains, buses, plains, and an air club (only for a certain event) will be used. Enemies include people, robots, animals, dimensional beings, and poltergeists.\n\nMain Party: \n\nJason Wilhem: An awkwardly social teenager who has a love for music, anime, psychics, and adventure. His powers grow more as the game progresses. His favorite sport is American football. Favorite food depends on player (burger/taco/hotdog/your own choice). Jason's choice of weapon is a well made energy sword (similar to a lightsaber) which he brought online.\n\nLaura Bronksnovich: Looks rich on the outside, but seeks action on the inside. This senior high schooler comes from a rich family that expects a lot from her and tries to send her off to college. Laura finally snaps on her 18th birthday about how stressful her life has been while growing up and runs away. As she runs, her family too is kidnapped by unknown men in flying ships. She later meets Jason in the town of Hallenburg. She uses a crossbow that gets upgraded as the game progresses. Laura loves to make objects and is willing to do almost anything no matter the price. Her favorite sport is tennis. Laurs's favorite food is foreign-based (more in the Chinese/Thai/Japanese/Greek category). \n\nNick Levon: A guy in his late 20s who lived the life of a criminal. His actual name is Glenn Martinez. After birth, his mother died and his father was killed by a ""friend"" who just wanted his money. Ever since then, this guy spent the rest of his childhood witnessing life at its peak. At one point he found himself in a gang doing all kinds of stuff: jumping and robbing people, getting involved in gun fights and gang wars. One day, Nick and his gang planned a giant heist and a gang war. During the heist, Nick managed to take a lot of money and figured that he no longer had anymore use for the gang. So during the gang war, he snuck off, and hitched a train out of his hometown. He spends the rest of his life as a bike rider living in the city with a new identity. When C.R.Y.S.T.A.L. became a thing in the city, Nick was chosen by a representative to get involved in an oppurtunity that would ""change his life"". The two later met in a building at night. Nick was then ambushed by a bunch of men. He later woke up in what seemed to be a medical room and was injected with a needle. After, he was forced to do some experiments that involved dimensional crossing. During one of the experiments, he managed to escape and is trying to find more info on the mysterious company. Nick's abilities include dimensional warping. In battle his weapon is either a lethal object or a gun. Nick doesn't have a favorite sport, but his favorite food is ramen.\n\nZack Aisenhower: The Assistance Demonstrater. Like Jason, Zack has an interest in psychic powers. He used to see the world as his stepping stone. He used to think that everything revolved around him. That was until he met a motivational speaker who told him about the wonders of helping people. It was from that point Nick decided to use his abilities in helping people. One day, his aunt went out with her friends and never came back. After 3 days of waiting and witnessing mysterious events in his neighborhood, Zack realized that something wasn't right. One night he had a vision of spirits and dimensional beings roaming the earth, people being used as life energy sources, and a flood in his hometown. He then awoke to a giant bang and found that his entire neighborhood was empty. Zack quickly packed up as much as he could take and headed off into the night in hopes of searching for answers. Zack's abilities are more on the supportive side of psychic powers (barriers and such). His choice of weapon is a frisbee with spikes. \n\nSetting: Earth after the ""Reboot"", Fall-Summer, 201XXX.\nMusic: Quirky and unpredictable, yet very atmospheric."
53kusl,asynchronous multiplayer idea: Fake Wrestler vs Investigative Journalist,"so in this game idea i thought up, you can pick one of 3 investigative journalists and your opponent has to pick one of 3 pro wrestlers (one of the 3 of both sides is faster-moving, another does more ""damage"" when successful, and the last one has a better dodge or faster attacks, for the journalist and wrestler respectively. The wrestler's goal is to deplete the journalist's health with his or her 3 attacks (i was thinking a dodgeable lariat charge, an undodgeable but slow and avoidable bodysplash, and a slow and dodgeable but location-tracking off-the-rope dropkick) while the investigative journalist has to prove that Wrestling is fake using his or her 3 skills (i was thinking a remotely activated camera trap to take a picture right when the wrestler slaps or stomps the ground for the sound-effects, a magnifying glass for examining the physical marks the wrestler makes on the environment, and a smart phone for filming things going on outside the ring in the stands that help prove wrestling is rigged such as managers accepting a sack of money from shady individuals or fans holding up ""Wrestling is Fake"" signs) while dodging and avoiding the wrestler's moves and trying to taunt him to make him strike harder which is easier to prove fake but does more ""damage"". The wrestler's health bar would be more like a credibility meter but it would deplete just like the journalist's health meter. The graphics could be low-polygon 3d but it could also work as a 2d game if done well. what do ya'll think? What should it be called? if anyone wants to use my idea, just mention in the game that ""UncleBibby"" (me) came up with the original version of the idea, if that's ok."
53k3sl,War of the Worlds: Rally Call,"Parkour in London during the early 1900's (WW1-era tech), fighting tripods, hovercraft, and zombies (humans hooked up to mind-control devices).\n\nRunning around in underground tunnels, and hiding inside of fully destructible buildings.\n\nOpen world, with side objectives (burning red vine, scavenging supplies), use as many objects in your environment at your disposal (throwing bricks, crafting pipe bombs).\n\nRendezvous with the British Army remnants, drive and pilot WW1-era vehicles, upgrade them using captured alien tech, and rally units of soldiers and Rebels to fight the enemy.\n\nArmy units include: expendable rifle infantry, MG crews, tanks, planes, Assault squads equipped with grapple hooks and TNT, Motorcycle riders and cavalry equipped with steel cables to tangle and trip up tripods, rebels that are sufficient in parkour and guerrilla warfare, etc.\n\nOpen-world, action-adventure, stealth-RTS hybrid, with a lotta parkour."
53j9kk,Beat-Em-Up centered around Character Customization,[deleted]
53gsn6,Project Bu [Stencyl],"**Purpose**\nHoning Stencyl skills for my team.\n\n**Overview**\nHalf platformer, half idle.\n\n**Story**\nBu goes on a journey from modern life to where they sense a need to go.\n\nAs a successful and aggressive VC sort of getting by, Bu suddenly becomes askew and gains a special sense that leads somewhere.\n\n\*SPOILER\*\nWhen Bu completes the primary levels alone, it unlocks the levels to be completed with the others they meet on the way that Bu has helped unintentionally.\n\*SPOILER\*\n\n**Platform Gameplay**\nMapleStory due to a type of meditation mechanic to go to the Idle where you can get hurt if you're not paying attention. I would also like the level map to also be a level.\n\n**Idle Gameplay**\nThe idle part of the game is the development of the 'inner' skills Bu uses to complete the game, that functions almost as a game on its own. I've never seen this particular cross-genre and it seems like it could be an interesting design. I would also like to incorporate entropy, where Bu could be too powerful and have to figure out a way to use many components to simplify, which would be a nice change of pace to the current go go go mindset of gaming.\n\n**Skills**\nWhere the game shines. Bu is pacifist and gains skills to manipulate the world, and can develop many lines of skills to win using quantum effects like teleportation, entanglement, various probability fun things and so forth. I was also toying with the ancient eastern mindsets like chakras, and on such a platform it wouldn't be overplayed. Here's hoping it doesn't devolve into a simple Mario clone, which probably wouldn't be such a bad thing really."
53gol7,Need help refining a crude 1v1 turn based game idea. New ideas welcome.,"Would love to hear your game ideas for a 1v1 turn based game.\n\nWas considering an idea where both players fight on a checkered board of sorts. You have the ability to use your champions (lets say everyone can have 5 during a game) that you customized with a specific skill set(For example purposes, each champion have 6 skills, but you're only allowed to choose 4). Each turn you're able to re-position those champions on your board. \nSome example of skills :\n-Abilities that debuff certain areas of the map. It would trigger either instantly or in an amount of turns. The debuffs could either damage someone standing in the spots, reduce their damage, prevent the use of abilities and so on.\n-Abilities that block passage. These abilities would alter the board and make some areas impassable. They could also first debuff the champion, causing it to generate impassable areas around himself after an amount of turns\n-General abilities that deal damage and heal.\n\nThese general ability ideas are just a rough example. What I want is for player to always think on not just on how to deal damage, but how to alter the enemies movement, to put them in a disadvantage.\n\nWould love to hear your suggestions on this idea or entire new game ideas."
