id,title,clee
bruqfq,A multiplayer casual game : specially for smartphone,We create a suspenseful cardsgame whose other added-value is the fact that all rules are written to fit ideally the tiny screen of (Iphone/Android) smartphones.                                                                     \n The goal  is to launch a multiplayer daily tournament through a mobile backend like Skillz or GameSparks : if you have already code for a multiplayer mobile project and/or interested about the project as developer or VC don't hesitate to pm us !
brsu2a,Paper Mario Thousand Year Door Spiritual Successor Brainstorming?," Hey fellow gamers,\n\nBefore anything else, I’m not looking for people to join in on this project at this time, as this is just a post to get feedback. That said, if this is something that you think you might want to work on, feel free to let me know. Who knows what might evolve?\n\nAnyway, to the game idea:\n\nAs the title suggests, I’m wanting to brainstorm a spiritual successor to Paper Mario, Paper Mario The Thousand Year Door, and even Super Mario RPG to some extent. I have liked the later games from a storytelling perspective and Color Splash had some fantastic love letter moments to the fandom, but the mechanics kinda devolved. Honestly, I can even kinda understand it, as they don’t really like putting out the same game, no matter the IP.\n\nThat said, I want another, better TYD.\n\nI was hoping fellow fans of the game might be interested in barnstorming a bit on the idea and seeing what evolves out of it. I had a couple of ideas myself.\n\n* Rather than stacking badges and having to use a mega version of a move, badges merge, become stronger. Combining two quake hammer badges, say, creates quake hammer II and so on. Badges also gain experience and can be “foiled” (like shiny versions of CCG cards) to gain special abilities (fire quake, for example).\n* To that effect, the badge points are replaced by badge slots and are limited, but consolidating badges and getting a larger badge sash allows for more.\n* Super badges where only one can be activated at a time\n* Special pins that give little permanent buffs (and are maybe removed as part of a storyline, a la shadow Mario in TYD)\n* Perhaps increase the player side to two allies on the stage at once, each pair having 2 special two-partner moves at super level (one with the other partner and one with Mario \[or “paper man” as it were\]), and a three-partner move at ultimate level.\n* A “standby partner” that acts as a stage manager. For example, the “tattle” partner will periodically perform the tattle function for free, while another might buff defense or offense for a turn, steal an item, boost appeal, or something else.\n* Audience participation in throwing items and objects gets a bigger use; appealing to a benefit makes items appear more, while “appealing” after stopping an attack will make them attack less.\n* A new VIP section of the audience that is very helpful and contingent on stylish moves (maybe periodically calls out optional move suggestions, like the Glitz Fight parameters for super appeal bonuses)\n* Bigger and better stages, with features like an orchestra, balcony, and other fun gimmicks. (“Epic” instant replays with silly special effects on great moves for mega appeal bonuses)\n* Further upgrades to boots and hammer, some with special abilities.\n* Bigger slot machine wheel with bigger stages (3X3: the main wheel is a full bonus, while upper, lower and crisscross are half?)\n* More folding curses, like flying origami crane, wall climbing spider, and that sort of thing\n* Perhaps build an audience with each chapter from scratch, gaining new persistent super fans each time?\n\nSome less “feature” more “event” ideas”\n\n* Battle against the audience.\n* Battle where some enemy blocks the entrance door and you have to fight and figure out how to get the audience back\n* Heckler that ends up being the chapter boss?\n\nAnyway, I’m just looking for thoughts. What was something you hoped to see from the series that never happened? Could be a feature like those mentioned above, or perhaps a narrative thing, an idea for a partner, or whatever. I just really enjoyed the game, am considering doing an LP, and had it on the brain.\n\nCheers, all!"
brrzbp,Give me a project for the summer,"Hi all! Young game dev here going on to study for a games programming degree in October. Until then, I want something to work on! Give me your best ideas and they will get turned into a reality :D\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI have experience in Unity and love a challenge!"
brit60,Carmine Punch: A modern Nintendo Hard beat-'em-up where you're a Minotaur who randomly bursts through walls and fights hardcore creatures/mercenaries," If there's ever gonna be a tenth or eleventh gaming generation equivalent of Battletoads, it'll be Carmine Punch. Prepare to die...a lot. ""Mooooooooooooooooo, bitches!"" - Mac before the select screen and logo pop up.\n\nStory: Mac Opinhoof is a minotaur from the most powerful clan in the world of his race, though he does not know of his lineage. (Urban fantasy world). One day, he hits a bar after his human GF, Viala, mysteriously dumps him, when he's almost attacked by a cult wearing masks of the face of their leader, a clown warlock called Lord Bobo. They've been frozen by an all powerful magus introducing himself as Atamik, who tells Mac there's been an awakening. The President of the Universe wants to claim all the thots on Earth and use them in an apocalyptic ritual. He hired Lord Bobo to help him pull it off, and kill Mac due to a prophecy that ""the Bull will slay the Man."" Viala turns out to be one of the thots summoned, and Mac has no choice but to save the world.\n\nGameplayMechanics: In order to get to Lord Bobo, Mac will have to start off each level by bursting through different walls w/ different scenarios going on on the other sides. (Family dinners, fluffy creepy looking kiddie show things sliding on a fake rainbow, and other things ironically ""G"" rated compared to what's about to happen). Your goal is to headbutt through every wall and kill the people/things on the opposite sides. They'll turn into Bobo's minions and try to kill you if they get enough time, so it's important you do it before that happens. But this is only the beginning.\n\nAfter leaving where you burst in, different and waaay badder minions will appear, including but not limited to: Mutant ducks that fart lava, McDonalds employees with shotguns and laser-equipped iPhones, and blue-blooded mecha powered by dog shit. Yes, it's that kind of game. The enemies and sub bosses are partly inspired by everything I hate in life.\n\nAnyway, Your main weapon is your steel-knuckled fists, though there are secondaries like axes you can richochet throw. Your signature killing blow is your headbutt, and if your Carmine Meter (CM, meter that builds with the blood of whom you kill) hits full, you can perform one that takes out everyone left in the stage. The scenery beyond the entries is industrial and bleak crossed with what you'd see in Dungeons and Dragons.\n\nArt Style/Graphics: 2.5D/Cel-shaded, generally it looks like Family Guy style. \n\nProbable ESRB Rating: M.\n\nConsoles this be fitting for: PS4 or the Switch.\n\nVerdict: Through all of the gore, there's actually a lot I see as unfolding as far as this game. Part '80s action satire, part cartoony fantasy, all awesome.\n\nFeedback?"
brdybg,Marvel Fighting Game similar to Injustice?,
brddrh,Ideas for a comedy game with many characters,"NOTE: by comedy, I mean, basically a game with the most random events. (basically what you would see on an acid trip)\n\nGame specifications:\n\nSide scrolled, 2D, Pixel art.\n\nI am an experienced game dev, so give me your most complex ideas.\n\nIt MUST require many characters with speaking roles (I want to use many voice actors for this project)"
br4uk3,MOBA Ultimate Team,"So before I post my idea let me say I realize this would be hard to make and balance correctly and keep fresh but I’ve always like MOBAs and the ultimate team idea.\n\nSo like all ultimate team modes think fifa, madden, mlb, you would create a team in this case of 5 cards/monsters and when you go into an online match your group would be “shuffled” and then it is played like a single lane moba think ARAM. If your monster gets killed you respawn as one of the other monsters in your deck. First to take the enemy’s base wins. \n\nObviously there would need to be a lot of different monsters and tiers of monsters like bronze, silver, gold, and diamond. Also for ranked seasons there could be a limitation such as one diamond, 2 golds, and the other 2 bronze or silvers. \n\nThis is a very basic idea and even at that I realize it would be really hard to make, unless someone like riot or valve who already have MOBAs and could just reuse their characters, were to make it but there could be a lot added on like auction house, collections, customization and so on. This is a dream that probably won’t ever happen but I think it would be really cool and I can dream right."
br49t9,Halo Warfare,"Lately I had a brainstorm after playing a Warfare 1944 and see how there are wonderful projects like BFME Reforged or Instalation 01, fans with a great passion for their universe and without profit.\n\n[Link](https://1drv.ms/b/s!Akp_TrjU1WyTjyFHuClnDJPINxl2)\n\nA strategy Halo game with strong pillars: It must be timeless fun, have a great troops AI, be very intuitive, have the original art and soundtrack style of the franchise, must have Split Screen and must be free for PC.\n\nI don\`t know how develop video games, but I think I have good ideas (please criticize my project) I just want is a team with passion to develop this game without profit, by the fans and for the fans ..."
br3hjs,A game that mixes the best elements of the best JRPGs.,"Here's an idea...\n\nTake the BEST aspects of the following games - Link To The Past, Secret of Mana, Seiken Densetsu 3,  Chrono Trigger, Rudora no Hihou, Teranigma. Mix all that up in a blender and make one crazy awesome RPG that anyone who is a fan of the SNES era would want to play. \n\nThe first part of the game would be a standard Hack n' Slash RPG like Zelda: ALTTP -- you walk around and hit enemies. Solve puzzles. Discover new items and weapons. Explore new dungeons.\n\nLater, you bring in the ""Alternative Worlds"" aspect of ALTTP --- On the overworld are different ""Bridge Points"" that connect to an alternate world where the game play mechanic is changed from the standard Hack n' Slash. \n\nThe main world is like a cross between ALTTP mixed with Secret of Mana. Your own world and society is ""primitive"" though, because you've never seen Magic your whole life. All you've ever known is weapon based combat in real time.\n\nYou've got the Ring Menu, 8 weapons, hitting enemies in hack n' slash fashion, and you see a number float over enemies as you attack them. Very Secret of Mana-ish. You get charge attacks as you level up your weapons also. Eventually you bump into a mystery wizard villain (Chaos Lord) who sends your party through a portal and you awaken in a mirror version of your world / planet where things are completely different. \n\nThis is the first ""Bridge Point."" It takes you to another world where everyone uses Menu Battle mechanics. No more easy as pie ""hack n' slash"" gameplay. You have to relearn everything and adapt. You also make new friends in this world and get rather attached to them as characters, so at the end you won't want to say goodbye. \n\nIn this foreign world, all attacking and spell casting is done through the menu.\n\nIDEA: To make things easier on the game engine and easier from a technical standpoint, the Ring Menu still looks and functions the same as it does in the Hack n' Slash world as it will here in the Menu Battle world. Except now you pick your attacks from the Ring Menu as symbols, and when you enter a battle, the world and enemies basically act the same as Chrono Trigger - walking into an enemy doesn't change the perspective, everything stays on the screen and the sprites ""take their places"" on the screen. Enemies and Protagonists jump at each other as they perform their attacks. \n\nOR: If this is too boring, you could just go ahead and make it so the Menu Battles happen in a 2D side view like Final Fantasy or Tales of Phantasia - minus the Street Fighter ""run up to something and swipe at it"" battle mechanism, as it would take too much away from the whole ""One World does Hack n' Slash, the other world does Menu Battle"" aspect. \n\nAlso magic in this world would be very much inspired by the ""Enscribe Mantra"" system in Rudora no Hihou. Except instead of having a complicated ""prefix, suffix"" word-based system (see Rudora no Hihou mantra list on Fantasy Anime webpage) - you get GLYPHS instead. The glyphs are block symbol representations of the elements, plus ""Modifier"" stones that will change the type of effect and the strength of the effect, how many enemies it targets, or if the spell acts as a Weapon Imbue. \n\nExample. In Rudora no Hihou, if you have ""Ig"" as the first part of a mantra, that's the Fire element. Adding another phrase to that could increase the mantra's damage or change how many enemies it targets. Since Rudora no Hihou's mantra system is so complicated and utterly time consuming to Enscribe with (because you have to look up what each syllable does), we just replace all that mess with easy to recognize GLYPHS. \n\nThere are ""ELEMENT GLYPHS"" that dictate the element the spell is being based on. \n\nThere are ""SHAPE GLYPHS"" that dictate the kind of form the spell is going to take.\n\nThere are ""LEVEL GLYPHS"" that determine the strength of the spell and how much damage it will do. \n\nThere are ""IMBUE GLYPHS"" that makes a weapon imbued with the power of a specific element or spell. (Like when you use ""Ice Saber"" in Secret of Mana).\n\nThere are ""TARGETING GLYPHS"" that determine how many enemies / allies a spell can affect. \n\nYou line up each set of Glyphs within the Ring Menu on screen like a group of stacking blocks or interlocking puzzle pieces, (think something like the ""Kinstone"" pieces from Zelda - The Minish Cap on GBA). Once you create a new Glyph Group from the different pieces, that's a new spell that gets added to your menu.\n\nYou either find or acquire new GLYPHS. Get them from Chests or get them from enemies. There are the following ""ELEMENT GLYPHS.""\n\nFire (a red block with an etching of a flame). Does all your typical fire stuff - Triple Fireball, Lava Wave, Volcanic Explosion, Flame Whirl.\n\nWater (a blue block with an etching of an ocean wave). Does all your typical water stuff - Flood, Hailstorm, Blizzard, Icicle Spear, Freeze Body.\n\nWind (a yellow block with an etching of a cyclone). Does all your typical ""Wind"" related attacks - Short Gust, Triple Tornado, Debris Whirl.\n\nEarth (a brown block with an etching of a boulder) Does all your typical Earth stuff - Mudslide, Rockslide, Diamond Projectiles, Golden Spears, Groundshake. \n\nElec (a yellow block with an etching of a lightning bolt) - Does your typical electric stuff. - Bolt Shock, Eltron Beam, Magnetize (makes certain enemies  stick together like magnets so they can't move). \n\nDark (a blackish block with an etching of a demon) - Does ""Darkness"" related attacks - Black Hole, Demon Hoarde, Barrier Break, Steal HP, Steal MP.\n\nLight (a white block with an etching of an angel) - Does typical ""Light"" attacks - Angelic Swarm, Holy Beam, Healing Ray, Status Cleanse, Raise Dead.\n\nEach of the GLYPHS clearly displays and explains what it does so you aren't just doing everything blindly like in Rudora where you would spend a whole hour just experimenting with the different syllables trying to build new mantras. That's way too tedious. \n\nEventually you would find a way to go back to your own world (Hack n' Slash) and you'd take your newfound Glyph abilities with you. Except that they would look very different in the real time attack world. They'd look _better_ actually. \n\nAnd you absolutely _would_ have to go between both worlds, as both of these realities are in danger. Plus each world has items and quest paths that are specific to them. There would be a massive world map for both. Bigger than ALTTP's ""Hyrule"" that is for certain. At least as big as Secret of Mana or Seiken Densetsu 3's world map.\n\nAnd each world would have a different method of flight travel. In the Hack n' Slash world, you fly around the map on the back of a dragon similar to Flammie, except this White Dragon has more Dog-like features in the face and floppy puppy ears, to make him a sort of joke reference to Falkor from Never Ending Story.\n\nIn the Menu Battle world, which is more ""enlightened"" and Technology based, you get Sky Sleds, which are something kind of like the Aerobirds in Tales of Phantasia. \n\nYou will need to revisit both sides often. There's an ""end boss"" for both sides and you eventually discover that both of them are working together. This is why the Bridge Points started popping up. \n\nTheir ultimate goal is to invade one another's opposite game worlds (by sending their own mythic beasts through the Bridge Points) and take them over because ""the people in each world won't know how to adapt to the fighting style of the others enemies"" - which is why you and your team are learning from each other's skills, so you can protect both worlds and eventually go around to each spot on the two game maps and ""Seal"" the various Bridge Points. \n\nIt's basically the same general idea as having to go ""Seal"" the 8 Mana Seeds in all the Palaces in Secret of Mana, or having to go fight the 8 God Beasts in Seiken Desetsu 3. It's just something to add more length to the game and give you something to do. \n\nOnce you finish sealing all but the last Bridge Point, the two ""end bosses"" show up to give you a final challenge. They take turns fighting against your party and you have to adapt during each turn. The end boss of the Hack n' Slash world will use real time attack methods and come directly at you in an overhead view screen. The end boss of the Menu Battle world just locks you in a Menu battle where you have to choose your actions. Eventually you succeed in beating them both, you bid a tearful farewell before you send your new friends through the last Bridge Point and seal it."
br17gt,Ideas for a pet game,I could use some ideas. I've got the basic layout planned out.
br0fx6,Pilot's Lounge,"An idea for a game that requires you to select a named character for a mission (somewhat inspired by Wing Commander). In between missions part of the game  take the user to a screen called the ""XXXXX's Lounge"" where XXXXX is the type of character you will be choosing (Copilot, Gunner, Wingman, Squad Leader, ect...). \n\nInstead of a menu the viewer sees the characters themselves lounging about doing some idle animation. Each idle animation shows the character interacting with an object that is not part of their mission kit. For example reading a book, drinking tea, playing darts, tending to a bonsai tree, using a whetstone on a knife, . Clicking on the each character will have them look at the camera and pop open a stat window allowing the player to take this character on the next mission.\n\nIf the character dies on the mission they will no longer appear in the Lounge but the item they were interacting with will remain as a reminder of their absence. Over the course of the game the lounge will become less and less populated with more unattended bric-a-brac lying around, a reminder to the player of every life they could not save."
bqvcju,"Why isint there a John Wick Game, it would be amazing",
bqmay0,Dino game,"Alright so to start I'm not entirely sure if it'd be for experienced or intermediate so take that with a grain of salt. I also don't know a name for it at this point and to my knowledge there is no other game that does this.\n\nSo in this game there are 2 teams each with 4 sizes of dinosaurs and from those different sizes of dinosaurs you can choose different breeds to best suit your situation. Each team only has 1 huge dinosaur that is controlled by a player. The other sizes include large medium and small. \n\nThe goal is to get your huge dino to whatever the goal is for that stage. So for example if you have a jungle stage you may be trying to get to some large amount of food. In doing so the other sized dinosaurs will be helping you in some way. The large dinosaurs would be meant for defending and minor path clearing. The medium dinosaurs would be able to go out and find food or water for the other dinosaurs while also being able to clear the path and disable some traps. The small dinosaurs would be going out to scavenge for buffs for the huge dinosaur, these being a timed speed increase or healing or otherwise. They would also be able to set up and disable traps. \n\nAt some point it is possible for both teams huge dinosaurs to find each other in which case assuming they fight whichever teams huge dino dies would lose. All dinos can respawn except the huge dino."
bqltfm,Online garden/tulip mania sim,"Casual and fairly chill mobile game. Everyone starts with the same seeds to create the same plants. Each has a chance to evolve into a random other plant through some kinda plant procgen that shares 1 trait with what it evolved from so you can kind of attempt to get certain styles of plants. All plants drop seeds after they've fully grown (time varies by plant). You can buy and sell seeds on an auction house with other players.\n\nWhole point of the game is to rake in money from selling seeds for pretty plants other players might want. The plants don't do anything at all or tie into any game mechanic, it's just about growing something you think looks cool and selling the seeds to others.\n\nI have no idea if this would be fun or not lol."
bqkdrc,Multiplayer FPS idea,"Hi, \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThere is right now a 4 person group of experienced game developers and we've had the aim to make and ideally complete a game before the finish of this coming summer. From our ideas so far we've all agreed to create a very realistic first person shooter game based on the Second World War. Issue I see with this is WW2 games have turned out to be very mainstream and appear to me that they have lacking interest and boring recently (I could be wrong).  \n\n\nAny suggestions?"
bqem0z,Defeat the Captcha,You play as a person who's trynna register somewhere but you gotta complete different types of captcha and they get harder and harder with each one you do right. You might also have some kind of time limit to make it harder. Maybe on the last stage you gotta stop a nuke or something and to do that you gotta confirm you're not a robot and solve a hellish captcha.
bqde6j,PvE Game Idea,"I’ve been thinking of Co-Op 4 Player PvE game recently, i call this game \n\nThis game would set on a deserted planet, it has lively colors but inhabited by monstrous beasts\n\nYour buddies accidentally flew on this planet, but your spaceship broke, so now you and your friends needs to survive this planet\n\nThe games setting is:\n\nLively colors and Borderlands style"
bv062y,Something Different,"So I've been toying with the idea and story of a time traveling RPGesk game everything is subject to change as I write more. You start in modern day as a character you create with a few options for backstories including career, average life skills, and other options. You sign up to test an experimental device the CIA is using (Time Machine) the machine requires has high failure rate and to your knowledge they haven't gotten it to work. The machine requires a certain select genes or something to work correctly. You happen to be the match then in a flash you are sent to random time (out of 3-4). These time periods are fully fleshed out and the goal is to blend in set up a life, gain popularity and seek a way back, but there's no guarantee you will be sent back to the correct time. You make the choice to leave or stay in your new found life or venture into the unknown possibly starting all over in an unknown time. Discover myths vs reality in different times, meet famous figures from history and survive. You decide the future, and the past."
buznvq,Beat the A.I. Game,"A mobile game where you have to defeat an A.I. at different level. You can play against an A.i. that played 10 games, or one that played 1000 games or one that was trained on 1M games. The point is to show the world that an A.i is really bad at the beginning and really really good in the end, and has to be trained on a lot of games. \n\nIn don’t know the actual game. It can be something that you can play side by side, like Tetris or snake, or something competitive like tic tac toe. Or any other suggestion. :)\n\nDo you think such a game would be appreciated? Would you play such a game?"
buyhnp,"A 3rd person, open world, multiplayer parkour game."," \n\nImagine a physics-based, realistic parkour game set in an open world, where your friends are able to drop in at any time. You could create videos, get fans, run away from security guards and flow through the city with a control system that has a simple enough premise, but is hard to master. For example, here is a scenario for you to get an idea of the concept I am going for:\n\nYou are on top of a roof with a small barrier surrounding the outside. you want to get onto the building opposite you. You could run up to the barrier and press the jump button to get on top of the barrier before jumping across, or you could press the jump button and flick the right analog stick downwards to perform a monkey vault, propelling off your hands before landing on the other roof. If you don't time it correctly, you could not get enough power, and risk falling off the building, but if you were to reach out with your hands by pressing the grab button and flicking up on the right analog stick, you could grab hold of the ledge of the opposite building, saving yourself before carrying on your run. You carry on your line across the city rooftops, before realizing that you landed on a heavily guarded building that you are trespassing on. the rooftop has guards that are specifically trained to chase and stop free runners who find their way onto their building. dynamically, a chase starts between you and the guard. He pursues you across the rooftops, and you feel this would be a great way to earn some fans. You hide, and call your cameraman to start filming your chase. During the chase sequence, you might pull off a gainer backflip from a high ledge by pressing the backflip button in the air and moving your left stick forward, landing it perfectly, which attracts the attention of people, granting you followers. Later that day, you are practicing your speed vaults in a park by pressing jump and flicking the right stick left or right, when your friend drops into your game. He is looking for help on how to land a side flip over a bench, which is something you are very good at. you teach him how to time it correctly, before you decide to go on a parkour run through the city streets. A fan recognizes you, and stops you in the streets. It turns out he owns a camera company, and he would love to give you a brand deal, netting you money and access to better cameras. He found you through the chase sequence earlier in the day, highlighting the benefits that filming your runs could give you.\n\nEverything in that example would be real game mechanics, with a dynamic world and fan system allowing for variety.\n\nOther features could include:\n\n\~ A dynamic weather system, making surfaces more slippery thus harder to do tricks when it is raining, but granting more followers due to the difficulty\n\n\~ A day/night cycle, where nighttime allows for decreased detection from guards, but lessens your visibility\n\n\~ Character customization, right down to what socks you are wearing\n\n\~ an optional 3D world map that allows you to mark out a route beforehand, aimed for beginners.\n\nthank you for reading if you have made it this far, upvotes would be greatly appreciated if you like this game concept!"
bupfb1,Server list vs Matchmaking,"Hello fellow game enthusiasts,\nI'm currently working on a 1v1 3rd person magic fighting game in unreal (we all know how annoying multiplayer is in unreal lol). I'm a fan of mmr systems in  games like league of legends and wanted to do that, however, my skill in that department is lacking so I thought I would start with a server list (like cs:go). The question I have is how a server list would work on a 1v1 game? It seems only plausible on a group (5+ player) game like cs:go, fortnite, pubg, rust, etc where you a group that joins a server.\n\nShould I focus on learning matchmaking or just add a server list for now?\nWhat are your Opinions?"
buny36,Sometimes I post game ideas on Facebook but I found this place just now.,"     So I copy pasted this from my Facebook post. I think it's personally a unique idea for a game. Not a developer though. So maybe someone else could run with the idea.\n\n     Set in the 30s. An globe trotting dad brings is young daughter (3-5 years old) across the atlantic to africa for a safari. One night though while the dad (the player) is hunting. You and your party are ambushed by a werewolf like monster. (will probably be more lion like). Events progress and you have the chance to capture and take it back to america. Fame and money and all that.\n     \n     So after boarding and setting sail, something happens. The creature gets loose and the ship gets some sort of hole in it. It starts to sink. The sole objective after you gain control, is to just escape with your daughter. All the while though, there's no pausing, there's no stopping the ship from sinking, and the ship is always sinking. Sort of like Dead Rising. There's a beginning and an end, and what you do in between is up to you.\n\n     So the basic mechanics of the game are stealth, exploration, AND combat. It's a big ship. Think like the boat from the first mummy movie. It's a big passenger ship, but not like the titanic or similar ships big. So there's plenty to explore. While the main objective is to get your daughter and leave, you can also choose to collect your documents from the trip. As well as other artifacts. The ship will also contain pumps you can get to and switch on to slow the sinking. There will also be an armory containing pistols, rifles, shotguns, and traps. So exploring will be good for surviving and end game ""score"". \n     \n     It will be a first person game, so combat will be self explanatory. Stealth is also somewhat self explanatory. Crouching makes you quieter. You can hid under beds and in closets. Nothing not seen before. However, dealing with your daughter is different.\n\n     So the big meme for the game will be carrying your daughter. The focus around her is stealth. YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO ENGAGE IN COMBAT WHILE HOLDING HER. You will be able to hide her or put her down (make her wait essentially). However, she's a small child. So she may cry. Especially when scared. So while holding her you can still interact with stuff. Open doors, etc... But if you encounter the beast or a loud noise happens it will scare her and make her scream. Thankfully though you can cover her mouth, BUT you WILL NOT be able to interact with things while stopping her from screaming. This will add a huge feeling of intenseness when stealthing around the beast. \n \n     End game will be escape. Your daughter can die, but that's the bad ending if you make it out. There can be multiple endings depending on what you collect, if you have your daughter or not, if you kill the beast or not, etc... I think it would have good replay value and would be an interesting speed running game.\n\n     This is all I have so far. Would be great to make happen. I feel like this is an original, interesting idea."
bunq1k,"An open world mountain biking game, like Skate series, but you know, for mountain bikes.","Explore a large open world full of dirt paths and roads, through massive forests, deserts, mountains and such.\n\nYou can terraform the landscape to build the perfect trails, ramps, and other shit.\n\nThis would feel like and play like the other sports game Steep (worth a check out) and will have multiple maps, British Columbia, Canada, the area around Moab, Utah, others."
bunp4f,2D topdown for smartphone. You are Godzilla and you must deal as much damages to city/army/civilans as possible. YOu must protect your nest as well.,"small/medium open world (a whole city with different areas)\n\nYou unlock ""powers"" by destroying military bases and stealing the ""DNA modifications"" made by the scientists (upgrades can be spit fire, lazer eyes, more endurence/health, get bigger/stronger ... whatever).\n\nYou can make eggs and you have to leave them somewhere. Army helicopters are always roaming around, and if they find the eggs, they destroy them, so you have to defend your nest and not go too far away from it. Or you can find smart spot to hide them (which is hard in a big city. The eggs are huge, yet get spoted easilly.)\n\nEggs have a timer and after a while, they become your ""pets"". Little godzillas follow you around and help you kill. Get bigger and stronger with xp. As the game goes and you deal damages, ennemies are stronger (better weapons, more tanks). You can also leave your ""pets"" near other eggs to protect them while you are far from the nest.\n\nPoint of game is to deal a maximum of damages to buildings, houses of civilans, army tanks, helicopters, whatever is crazy in a futuristic japan... YOu get points when you destroy or kill anything. Final score is calculated with damages/minute, till you die. The point of calculating damage/minute instead of damages alone, is that if you hide your eggs, you will destroy everything in the area that is around quick, and you have either to waste time having to look at your eggs, or take the risk go far from them for a better score and destroy more buildings. (I hope it makes sense, english is not my first language :P). And as I said, while your are away from them, the army will try to destroy your eggs.\n\nThere is no endgame until you die, no checkpoint. As long as you go through the game, the ennemy gets more and more powered, to the point you have no chance to survive. Then it counts on your damage/minute so you are always under stress.\n\nI like the joke that at a point of the game, they warn you about using nuclear power against you, and everything in the game warns you about it. So you run avoid the bomb .... but if you dare be shot by the bomb, it actually makes you overpowered by the radiations.\n\nAnother mode is that your are immortal, but if you lost all your eggs, game over. You start with X eggs and can't have more, or can extremly rarely have one new. On this mode, score is only calculated with points you make by killing/destroying.... but the more you destroy the area around your eggs, the more you have to go away from them and risk to lose them."
buitfq,Rimworld meets First Person Shooter with raids/base defense,"So this is a game I'm already a few weeks into building.  I loved Rimworld but was wanting to jump into the characters and join the action somehow.\n\nThe game so far has two main modes:\n\n- Top down view, plays like Rimworld.  Gather resources to build a base, research technology, build weapons and items, farm for food, set up tasks for any of your characters to carry out.\n- First person view, enter any character.  Defend your base as well as explore different areas and raid other camps.\n\nSome things I'm really excited about:\n\n- Focus on raiding and exploring.  Rimworld was very limited in what you could do outside of your camp.  The player is going to be able to attack other bases and even take over them if they want to.\n- Simplifying some survival and expanding character development.  I want make some systems less complex (relationships, illnesses, micromanagement) and do more with character abilities and leveling up.  Going to bring in some RPG elements for what abilities and skills a character can use.\n\nWhat other ideas do you think would go well with this?  Or for anyone that has played Rimworld anything that you would change if you could remake it?"
buhpz4,"The Werewolves, a 1rst person game, in 3d","I've done some games in Unity 2d, but I want to make this one in 3d\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe game would be like the Werewolves of Millers Hollow\n\nAt first, you are assigned a random role (Werewolf, witch, fortune teller, villager, hunter, little girl, etc.)\n\nThe game is played in the 1st person and each npc have names\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nFor example, if you are the little girl, you must discreetly spy on the gathering of werewolves after finding it\n\nThe witch should go to her house to make her potions\n\nThe seer would summon spirits to find out who the werewolves are\n\nWerewolves should go to their rally and vote for a person to kill, and will have to go to his house\n\n  \nI think you understand.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAt dawn, there will be a voting system, and a person will be executed.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nDo you think it would be a good idea?"
bue5se,Ideas for a 3D game developed in Unity,"I have to develop a game in unity for a university project.\n\nI will do the work with another guy, and this is our first time developing a game (apart from what we have seen during the lessons).\n\nWe don't need a really complicated idea (e.g we don't know how to build a good AI), and we have to spend no more than one month on the project."
budet8,"Capture the point on a fully destructible map with castles, cannons, muskets etc","So ironically I got this from a shitty ad for guns n glory. But imagine a game where you have to capture zones on a timer, so the defenders have a castle and cannons to defend, the attackers have a certain amount of time to capture several spots in the castle. The map is fully destructible with things like the cannons being able to destroy parts of the castle, or other cannons as well as create craters for players to lay in and have some cover.\n\nThe game would inspire strategy and tactics among the attackers, using cannons as a tool not a weapon, the defenders would need to use cannons to destroy the attackers cover and cannons to prevent them breaking down the castle wall or smashing open a choke point \n\nAny ideas or improvements?"
budbfj,Realistic Horror Decision Game,"I know that there are a lot of these types of games out there, but hear me out. \n\nStory: You play as an average man living with his wife and kids. Right when the game starts, you can move around the house and interact with specific marked objects, which each have a set of scenarios you can play through. No matter what choices you make, you are going to die. \n\nGameplay: the gameplay is relatively simple. Select a trigger object inside the house and a set of scenarios will be available for you to choose from. For example, the object you choose is the phone. You can call someone from the list that appears, and that will start the scenario. The game may transition to a new location, and a cutscene will play that gives you some information on what your character is doing. When the cutscene is over, you will be given an objective to follow, which mainly serves as a guideline for what to do. At this point, the game will let you know if there are any special mechanics available, and how to control them. When you complete an objective, a new objective will appear. Once you finish each objective, you will be shown the ending to that scenario and be taken back to the house. Now if you select an object that has already had an objective completed, it will be marked.\n\nExample: You select the phone and call up one of your character’s friends. They invite you to go hiking through a forest, and the game transitions to a cutscene of you and your friend as you get ready to walk the trail. You can now control your character, and the friend will mostly just follow you unless an event occurs. Your objective appears on the top-left, telling you that you need to follow the trail. In the center of the screen, some text appears that lets you know that you now have a flashlight, and you can turn it on/off with the specified button/key.\n\nObjectives won’t always have to be completed the way that they appear. Instead of following the trail, you could always wander off into the forest. Your friend will have unique dialogue for situations like this. If you go too far, your objective will change, telling you to find the trail again. Your characters won’t be able to find it though, and events will occur that lead to your character, and possibly your friend, dying. Even if you follow the path, something else will happen that will kill you anyways. \n\nCharacters: The main character, his wife and kids, and some of his friends mostly.\n\nLocations: Some examples are the forest, the ocean, an abandoned building, on the road, and in a complex underground tunnel system.\n\nConsoles: Most likely current generation consoles like the PS4 or Xbox One, or PC. The graphics would need to be detailed, and the game would probably be a decent size after it was finished\n\nLet me know if you have any questions about this, or if I might have missed explaining something!"
bu7oaw,?,"I am extremely autistic and I have no way to communicate with regular people easily.\n\n\nI am making games about hyper violence. Specifically hyper in the literal sense, there is no consequences, or thoughts or actions, or as little as possible between you and Dee EXPeriensh I don't want grind, I want constantly balancing a billions little things at a literal pace that is going to break my neck into a powder puddle if I don't land my sliding angle in juuuuuust right\n\nTake the og doom gameplay with all the new doom/halo/tf2/tf2/mirrorsedge/vanquish/descent3/cawlad00ty/etc etc. Mortal kombat but finishers are fluid and take Only a tiny bit longer than regular kills unless you so choose, putting yourself at risk to either be mahoe Rambo supra kicks man, or run into a bunker and start screeching the BEST anthem on shitty speakers from all directions, literally making a bunch of battlefield feefee normie faggots experience this for the first time, just in full vr expheerienz https://youtu.be/E79VmkgDX7U🇨🇦"
bu66t1,Monster Hunter Royale,"Aight so Boom, imagine dropping down to a island full of monsters of varying difficultly and design, all fighting each other and YOU, while you fight them and EACH OTHER. Basically PVP/PVE. \n\nYou land, look for a monster, kill with bare fist and the parts to forge the weapon. Use the weapon to kill other players and get their loot and take on more powerful monsters on the map. \n\nI don't know about a ring closing because if a rare monster spawns in the corner people may be shit out of luck i guess.\n\nDesired mechanics:\n-pretty decent run speed for characters\n-time limit for entire match\n-respawns earned after  a certain cut off of players\n\nIm not a huge fan of the battle royale genre but i do appreciate a nice high stakes pvp so hear me out any criticism or interest"
bu60hr,A Game of Thrones inspired MMO,"This is an idea for a game I specced out sometime ago but never had the time to develop it. The game would feature a world map slightly similiar to that of Clash of Clans. A single game would play over the course of a month, after which a new procedural map would be generated and players start from scratch. Players get randomly assigned roles, ranging from a king/queen to simple farmers working for other higher up players. There would be a shop, crafting and other misc game elements bu the main gameplay element would be this. Once a day players can ask the game to perform any task they wish. For example a farmer might state 'I want to plant and harvest 10 sacks of potato before nightfall', or a king might say 'I want to build 5 houses in this city'. The game then sends this request out to several other players who judge whether this is a fair request or not, essentially acting as game masters for each other. If the request is judged as fair then the world map and affected players are updated to reflect the request. The beauty of completely user designed actions is that every game will be so different than the others, whether it be assassinations, wars, building an industry, spying etc. Actions can either be simple and affect just one player or affect hundreds or even everyone in the game."
btz8bx,Persistent town management/builder with dungeon crawling,"You're the Hero in a small town.  \nYou don't build the town, but can help the citizens, for instance by clearing the wolves from the woods to increase (or remove a slowly building decrease) log production.  \nYou can also venture into the local procedurally generated dungeon to gather XP, specials mats and gold.  \nThe central idea is a duology between a persistent, ever-running town that you help manage/grow - and !short! expeditions into the dungeon to get materials.  \nI don't think armor drops should be a part of it - you get special mats for the Blacksmith, and HE crafts your armor."
btz6dm,Cricket Game,this is a android multiplayer cricket game
btwjgt,Rogue-like 3rd person shooter with emphasys in horror.,"Now, just for the record, I'm fully aware of the overusing of zombies in pop culture and media in general. Anyway, I gathered some mechanics from games I love and A LOT of inspiration from rusian artist Oleg Vdovenko, mainly his series ""Stork"". I have no intention of making a game out of it, it's just an idea I've been cooking for some time. Hope you guys like it.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**The Setting**\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI picture the setting of the game as a countryside town (mid 60s), with regions that would have some explorable buildings in it. It would be a singleplayer game with emphasys in exploring derelict places overrun by infected/zombies. The group of ""survivors"" is a bunch of cops that managed to stay alive during the infestation, and gathered at the police department in order to plan their next moves. After a lot of heated debates about their position and role as police officers in a God forgotten place, the group reaches the conclusion that no one is going to save them. So, leaving morality behind, they decide to explore the surroundings in order to find ways of getting out of the town, killing every ghoul they encounter.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**The crew management aspect**\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIn the singleplayer aspect of it, it would feel a lot like Darkest Dungeon, meaning that you have a hub (police station) where your characters go to rest and heal themselves. This hub would also provide the possibility of upgrading your crew members and recruiting survivors (rare ocurrences). One of the main mechanics of the game would be the possible conflicts between crew members, which would be measured by each characters stats and background.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nTo start a mission, the player would have to pick the crew, ranging from 1 to 4 members and prepare them with the necessary weapons, ammo and items to explore an area that could be chosen on the map. Missions could have randomized goals, like gathering resources or picking some specific items, or also just cleaning the place, exterminating all ghouls.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWith the area selected and the crew ready, the player can then start the mission, and this is where the game would really shine. The areas to be explored should have a really creepy vibe to it, and that's why most of the sites would be enclosured , claustrophobic places, like old houses, small apartment buildings, markets and other derelict places. The vibe would be sold through lighting and atmosphere, so for the graphics, a realistic lighting system would be important, aside with some volumetric fog or something like that. Now is where it gets a lot similar to RE2 Remake. This part of the gameplay would be in 3rd person. It could be even over-the-shoulder or isometric, but a lot closer to the character than the usual, in order to sell the tight espaces to be explored. As mentioned before, you could form a crew up to 4 members, each one with their peculiarities. During the missions, the player can change between the characters at will, meaning that the party prepping would have a great influence on the gameplay. One important mechanic of the game is permadeath, and new recruitable survivors rarely appear in the hub (it could be a random event), but to balance things up, when the characters receive enough damage, they go in a bleedout mode, healing themselves through a minigame or waiting the other crew members to help them get up. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**The enemies**\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe ghouls would be the stars of the game too, being something beyond the usual zombie. They could either look like a normal infected/zombie or go more deformed (see Vdovenko work for reference). The third person shooting part could go a lot like RE2 Remake, having they going slowly for the victim, managing to take a considerable amount of damage to go down, with the risk of getting up (locational damage could also play some role in the combat). There would be some variations to ghouls too. Your classic Tank from L4D (called Big One in this game), but slow and with difficulty to walk through the tight spaces, giving some seconds of advantage for the crew by either shooting it or escaping from it, which would be countered by its ability to take a lot of damage to die and also doing a lot of damage to the crew members. A cool mechanic would involve him damaging the area around him, like breaking some walls. Another type of ghoul consists in a guy with some really fucked up arms that moves by grabing the ceiling, keeping his body away from the ground. It would be a bit faster than the common ghoul, but taking less shots to go down. All ghouls have an area of perception, not reacting immediatly when spotted, but when the crew tresspasses the safe zone or when they put the eyes on you directly, which means that some of them can be avoided in order to save ammo and producing less noise, which otherwise can attract more ghouls.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Conclusion**\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAfter the completing of the mission, the crew would then return to the police station, where the player could put them to rest, upgrade their stats or send them in a new mission, which they can start, but without the possibility of resting and leveling up.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo in the end, the story would have the crew exploring places and exterminating the ghouls, which takes them from place to place, gathering resources to eventually go to another hub (which would carry all of the upgrades from the previous one), finding new places to explore. The idea is to have 3 big areas, each one with it's respective hub and missions.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nTLDR: A horror focused, rogue-like 3rd person shooter in the vein of Resident Evil 2 Remake, but with a Darkest Dungeon twist to it. Totally inspired by the work of russian artist Oleg Vdovenko.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nPS: Here's the artist's ArtStation link: [https://www.artstation.com/chuvabak](https://www.artstation.com/chuvabak)"
bttv73,"Hollow Card: Fantasy action RPG set in spaghetti western-ish apocalyptic world, tough mystic cowgirl MC (Green Lantern meets Red Dead Redemption)","Main concept/pitch in one or two sentences: A wicked femme fatale needs to play her cards and guns right in a world after the Black Cluster.\n\nStory: When the US faced a large scale war with the Geni-Fadiq regime overseas after the existence of the occult object known as the Black Cluster was revealed to the world, a group of do-gooders built fallout shelters called Servestones all over lower Canada and every US State that touches Canuckland. War kills most of the population, two centuries pass, and the world faces the harsh reality: We must FIGHT for what is right....I reckon.\n\nWith the radiation from the bombs gone, a new order of peacekeepers have arisen: The Green Stetsons. Their namesake is their hats, and Annette Quilrock is the new girl to join them. But beware: Bandits, shapeshifting demons, and terrorists await. No more wondering why. No more letting our good world crumble. No more evil. Welcome to New Athens, Old York.\n\nGameplay/Mechanics: Game's primarily 3rd Person perspective. As Annette, you are a Green Stetson. They all have some rootin' tootin' level of supernatural ability (hence the Green Lantern side-comparison), and will stand up for the weak when no one else will. Annette individually has the power to bend/control metal, so this means you can FREAKING BEND BULLETS TO HIT ENEMIES IF THEY MISS IN SLOW MOTION. Yee-haw! And not only that, you can do the same with ROCKET LAUNCHER MISSILES AND GRENADES. YOU NAME IT, YOU'LL BE ABLE TO FIX YOUR HITS!\n\n""But that just makes things way too easy."" Now hold up, pardner. This here game don't have a cap on enemies so that they match your skill level. The nearest den of mutant deer that WILL kill you if you're level 1 are no more than a mile away from the game's starting point. (Green Stetson HQ is elsewhere). My point being enemies will be a challenge, and the bullet bend is a practical element. Besides, there's plenty o' folk 'round who can pinpoint you to the appropriate quests to level up.\n\nMetal is very valuable in Old York, and even more so elsewhere in the wasteland. The currency system is called bits, there are no BS trinkets that you buy as luxuries. Skyrim vendors sell ALL stuff regardless of your build, but Hollow Card fixes this. Especially with the easy effort to max your duster and armor so it takes more damage! You could be level 6 and still wear the armor of a level 100!\n\nAnd not only that! Before the game even starts you can pre-arrange/select the first and most important skills (Wit, Sightseer, etc) you want to earn at the points you level up. BEFORE THEY HAPPEN, SO THAT YOU WON'T WASTE THE TIME IT TAKES TO DEFEAT A HUSKAN BANDIT OVER WONDERING WHICH UPGRADES YOU WANT. And to emphasize at this point that this ain't a Fallout clone, there is no hot keying any weapons.\n\nTo recap:\n\n\- Badass cowboy fantasy\n\n\- Don't have to discover a place to fast travel either.\n\n\- Strong female protag who is better developed than Aloy from Horizon Zero Dawn...tho this is a Dream game\n\n\- Bending bullets and other solid manipulating powers to defeat scum, crafty in ways a la Mortal Kombat!\n\nProbable ESRB Rating: M.\n\nMost likely console: PS4 or 5.\n\nSide note: The Green Stetsons are a faction that have been in my mind for at least a year now. I have Unreal Engine 4 so I guess it can't hurt to at least make some character models."
btthq7,How to make a farming game more interesting?,"I am currently trying to make a farming game like harvest moon or stardew valley but mix with starbound elements such as travelling between planets (but in my game the planet wont be random, but instead a few sets of planet). But i felt like this game would be boring and people who will play are probably the farming genre fans like myself.\n\nLeaderboard system, where you can compete with either NPC or Another player in score. You'll complete quests to get reputation and the 1st,2nd,3rd places will get a special reward. This board will be reset every 1 month in game time. 1 day in game will be around 1 hour in real life.\n\nBut i feels like this is kinda underwhelming, and would probably become a chore later when you are far in the game.\n\nAnother thing i could think of, is having a marriage system, and you can also get quests from your family member.\n\nLike the title said, how do you make a farming game more interesting? I am a big fan of farming games myself, but, i can't really breakdown what makes such games interesting gameplay wise."
btsief,Agar.io but with muscles,"Here's the pitch: you spawn in a map full of other players. The object of the game is to be the most muscular man of all. To achieve this, you must fight and defeat players, and **eat their muscles.** When a player is defeated, their muscles pop off their body, and by consuming them, the muscles are added to *your* body. Like Agar.io, but with muscles."
btrp10,Thoughts on rules to support player commanders,
btrjl2,Magic system in games,"I do not like how magic and spell-casting is implemented in most games. For example I loved how Magicka implemented, simple and still many variations and player have to think which combo-spell to use at given time. Can you write down which games have good magic-spellcasting-alchemy-crafting system and/or your suggestions of new?"
btqsyo,"A horror game where people are trapped in a death game against each other, and you control the systems to save them.","Your super-rich grandfather is an insane but gentlemanly megalomaniac who abducts people and puts them into those only-one-can-survive psychological game settings. The people end up betraying and slaying each other. (A lot of Japanese movies have this scenario.) The game is on an island with no known communication to the outside world, just a boat back.\n\nBut you aren't one of the captives. You are the grandson. You've only just discovered that your grandfather does this, and he has shown you how the labyrinths, traps, limited items, time limits, and announcement systems work in the hopes of passing it on to you when he dies. You aren't insane like him, though; this is to your horror, and when you get into a heated argument with him he has a massive heart attack and dies right in front of you. But before he croaks, he turns everything on and sets the game in motion to doom the 20 people inside.\n\nSo now you have to stop the horrible game. You can't turn it off. But you do have privileges to make it work one way or another. The goal is to save as many people as you can. But to beat the system, you have to go INTO the labyrinths directly and face the traps, the logic, and yes the people who may or may not trust you. You'll need to use what they have as tools, too. If someone doesn't trust you, you may have to kill them, but what will the others think of you then?\n\nThere are wild animals that stalk. A.I. that mislead victims on the computer panels. All sorts of things that make your life harder.\n\nSo while all the tortured deaths and betrayals are going on in the normal 20-man game, you have to not die yourself to the whole system as well as delicately get the people to trust you. How you choose to use the intercom system is key. You must also learn more about the systems to disable them one by one. And some people will never forgive you, so you are being hunted even after you save whoever you can save. Get them into the boat, then find the secret radio communications to finally get off the island yourself another way.\n\nIt may be possible to save everyone, and in that case everyone will trust you. I imagine this being pretty character driven in addition to the gameplay, so you really feel like you get to know these people, which is important in this psychological-horror movie genre."
btq2lo,The Thing horror game.,"The Thing is one of my most favorite horror movies of all time and the 2002 video game was excellent. Because of that, I've been thinking about a new The Thing survival horror game.\n\nThe game would be single player with AIs. I'll explain why later.\n\nYou assume the role as one of 12 scientists at an Antarctic facility. One or more of you is infected (minimum of 1 and a maximum of 3 at the start) and it's your job to expose the imposter(s) and destroy them.\n\nThere are 12 male and 12 female characters to choose from, each with different attributes and traits, but you start with only six and have to unlock the others. Once you select a character, you can either manually fill in the other slots or let the game randomly do so. You then are asked how many scientists have already been infected and you select one, two, or three, then the game will randomly assign the infections.\n\nYou don't have to play with all 12 scientists, however. You can start with a minimum of 4, in which only one person will automatically be infected. The options for 2 infected open when you play with 6 or more scientists and three with 8 or more.\n\nThere is no storyline and it's all open-world. Your mission is simple: Survive and help take down the Thing(s).\n\nAs with the 2002 game, the game has a trust system. As no one has any idea who is infected, everyone is paranoid, on edge, and not trusting anyone. Ways you can gain trust include giving weapons and equipment, protecting them from exposed Things, testing yourself, and killing/helping kill Things. Ways you can lose trust include attacking them, murdering others, forcing them to give things up, and pointing a weapon at them.\n\nYour duty is to prepare blood test kits in order to unmask the imposters, but it's not as easy as it sounds. You have to gather enough materials to develop enough kits for everyone (at least those who haven't already been exposed), but the imposters will actively try to sabotage you (cutting the power, destroying or steatling the kits/materials if you leave them unattended, etc.). You won't be alone in developing the kits, though. Other scientists, depending on their traits, will help you and can also develop kits on their own.\n\nThings will also be actively trying to assimilate you, mainly by trying to lure or bait you into being alone with them, and will use different tactics and strategies. They may try to bribe you, say they need to talk with you, interrogate you, seduce you if it's a member of the opposite sex, say that they need help with something, or some other excuse. Once you are alone with them, they will automatically transform and attack. Although this sounds like a no-brainer when it comes to indentifying who is infected, uninfected characters will also do this, both to you and others, plus you can also do this.\n\nThings will also automatically transform and attack if you find them assimilating another scientist, caught in the midst of sabotage, or if they are exposed as an imposter at any time, blood kits or not. They can be weakened with gunfire, but, as in the movie and original game, the only way to truly kill them is by fire.\n\nThe game has two possible endings: All Things are dead and everyone is dead/assimilated.\n\nIf you are assimilated, however, the game isn't over; you now play as a Thing. As a Thing, your job now is to assimilate everyone while also trying to make sure that your disguise isn't compromised. It won't be as easy as it sounds, with everyone being paranoid, so you have to also gain trust from the uninfected. You also have to continue sabotaging efforts to develop blood kits to buy time, but if you are caught, you will automatically be found out.\n\nYou have the ability to identify who else are Things and communicate with them and work together, but since Things don't look out for each other (e.g., Palmer ratting out the Norris spider-head in the 1982 movie), they may betray you, but you can as well.\n\nAs I said before, there are multiple tactics and ways to lure survivors in, then striking. Gaining trust once again plays a large part in this.\n\nYour final score is determined by the number of remaining survivors, how many Things/scientists you killed/assimilated, how long it took, and your final trust level with other survivors (not there if you're the only survivor). The more points you rack up, the more awards you can buy, including more scientists and the ability to start as a Thing.\n\nWhy would this be a single player game instead of an asymmetric multiplayer game like Dead by Daylight or Friday the 13th: The Game? Because I'm not really sure how the game could work that way if one/two/three players were Things and everyone else were human. As I've seen with DbD and F13, players have betrayed others by working with the enemies just to level up and such. I'd like to see this done like Alien Isolation, unless you guys can give some insight and ideas as to how multiplayer could possibly work.\n\nSo, that's that. What do you guys think of this idea? I know this may not have been written all that well, but it's mostly what I could come up with. What other ideas and such would you add? What else could determine the final score? How could multiplayer work?"
btn64c,D&amp;D Style Management Simulator,[removed]
btmv5t,An indie 3D open world satire game set in 00s with PS2 graphics,I'm honestly waiting for some indie developers to tackle the 00s era with satire. Imagine a GTAIII type game set in the 00s with 00s graphics with the knowledge we know of the decade now. Hopefully Vblank who made Retro City Rampage and Shakedown Hawaii have contemplated this for the future.\n\nWe are almost in the 2020s so 2000s nostalgia should be popping up in games. My gosh we have had literally hundreds of 80s/90s retro indie games (I'm not complaining).
btkuy7,"Not a game idea in itself, but I just desperately want Metroidvania style games to let me erase my map progress and explore everywhere again at the end game, redrawing from scratch.","Basically, just what the title says. I can't be alone in this: Samus/Alucard/Axiom Verge-dude is all powered up at the end game and now I'm trying to figure out where all the items and secrets are for 100% completion. But my map is at, like, 83%. I try to retrace all my steps, but wait, did I miss any rooms? Retrace once or twice more. Now at 100% map! But missing three items. Derp. I just want to blank out the map progress and make absolutely sure I hit every room.\n\nIn some games, like Valkyrie Profile, there are items to just fill in the whole map for you. I'm like, ""dude, no, are you crazy?"" I can't guarantee complete progress like that.\n\nSo I think that once a certain in-game condition is met, like having all abilities, or having 90% map or more, or just finding a secret map item late in the game, you can blank out the map as much as you want for nook-n-cranny profit. Of course your true progress is saved and can be restored whenever you like.\n\nI will say that speedrunning map completion could in itself be a game. People could complete to see how fast they can 0-100% the game's whole map."
btglt8,Suggest Ideas for my Web-Game,"Hey all,\n\n  \nI'm building a game similar to [moomoo.io](https://moomoo.io) Try it out if you haven't. I've got my own twist to the game but I'd like to see what improvements or features you'd like to see on moomoo. Maybe suggest different approaches they could've taken, if not the original game logic."
btgen2,Cooperative experiences for more than 4 players are seriously lacking.,"Over the past few weeks some friends and I have been trying to find games which everyone can play, however the number of titles that allow for more than 4 people is a niche that really could be filled.  \n\n  \n\nThere's some good ones out there, 7 Days to Die, Arma, Foxhole, etc. but there's so much more room for other titles! Does anyone have any cool ideas for cooperative larger scale games?"
btg3m7,Question,What does a 10 year old girl say when she is hurt or dying in a video game? I have been tasked with writing that dialogue and obviously was not the right person for the job lol. If anyone has some ideas that would be cool
btfc3l,"An ""Imagination Movers"" -inspired exploration game where you explore their giant warehouse with all of the wacky rooms.","All of the ones from the series could be included, in addition to original ones made up by the game designers."
btf65c,Any ideas for a “cabin in the woods” style horror game?,"I haven’t been having any luck thinking of ideas for a game like this, so does anyone else have any ideas?"
bt9kkk,Anyone Remember Custom Robo?,I grew up playing the GameCube and DS versions and would love to see a reappearance. I’ve set in my mind that I want to make a fan made Custom Robo inspired game. Since I love programming and have always been interesting in developing a game. Here’s a few things I’d like in this game:\n\nOnline Multiplayer\n\nMore Robo Customization \n\nCharacter Customization\n\nDeep main story\n\nTournaments\n\nUnique Enemies\n\nLemme know what you guys would like!\nAnd I’ll let you all know how things go with my dream of bringing back Custom Robo!
bt8kbw,Turn based ping pong,"The view is from the side. During your turn, you have to set the path your racket will move (ui could be perhaps similar to bezier curve tools in graphics programs). Once set, you can preview how it will play out by sliding the knob (the one like you see on the bottom of video players) back and forth, and adjust the racket path as needed; however you have time limit for your move. The ball would have not only velocity, but also spin."
bt8kau,Any ideas for a medieval RPG game?,"**every medieval rpg game is the same, i want to make something more unique, please list me some ideas bellow. Thanks!**"
bt8jg0,Any interesting co-op game ideas?,( preferably fast paced )
bt7u3s,Any interesting game ideas for a co-op gam,
bt4s2e,A node-based magic system," [https://imgur.com/a/kwh7Wyi](https://imgur.com/a/kwh7Wyi)\n\nInstead  of the game having pre-made spells that you learn, you have to create  your spells with a detailed node system. Different node types include  feeds (to power the spell), actions, modifiers, conditions, etc.. You  could either power a spell with your own mana, have an ally project  power into your spell, rip it out of an enemy's body, or something else.\n\nThe screenshot is an idea of what a simple fireball spell could look like.\n\nAny ideas?"
bsyqs9,"""Dixie"" Harvest Moon meets antebellum slavery","Before I begin, I would like to state this post is not meant to  offend any one and if I does I'm sorry.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWith that out of the way I will like to introduce my game idea\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Dixie**\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n [https://imgur.com/a/8Fpyalq](https://imgur.com/a/8Fpyalq) \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIn Dixie you start of as a humble plantation owner, and your goal is to work up your way to become the wealthiest plantation owner in the south before the yanks invade. The game is split in to two parts, on one side is your stander harvest moon gameplay with bit of the sims elements thrown in as your character goes around town befriending a colorful cast of characters through actives such as a banque or going to the race track, in order to unlock new trade deals. Meanwhile on the other side of the game which plays more on the rts and tycoon elements, you run a plantation which include both balancing the budget and your slaves tolerances. You first have to decide what you’re farming, tobacco, wheat, or cotton. The first is good in the beginning but loss value quickly. Cotton is pretty un profitable in the beginning and is the most taxing on slaves, but it REALLY good in the end game. Wheat can always make money but not as much as the other two at their heights. next you have to buy you first slaves from the market. You will only be able to get a few slaves at first but don't worry, you can ""breed"" more and even sell some of the kids in the market. You have to use your character to oversee things at first but soon you are able to hire overseers to do the job for you. now here where the challenge comes in, slave have two meters one that goes from sad to content to anger in that order, and one that measures their uppityness. If a slave gets to uppity they will begin to slack off or worst, run away, if a slave if uppity and angry, they might start a rebellion. You or your overseer can whip a uppity slave but this will increase their anger and if their anger is too high then their uppity goes up regardless of what you do. you can also hang a uppity slave and at the cost of one slave, it will lower every other slave on the plantation uppityness back down to zero, however this along with other action will make slaves sad, and if they get to sad then they will try to kill themselves. The last thing a player can do is give the slaves a day of rest, which while it will raise or lower them to content, though it take a chuck out of you profit. Finally there the issue of skills. Not all slaves are create equally as some will naturally be born with high strength, speed, and obedience. Strength allows slaves to work longer, and boost up their health against the harsh work or the whip, speed allow slaves to work faster, and obedience slows down the rate at which uppitness increase. I would like to continue but writing this is a bit exhausting, so with that all I have to say is that in Dixie, both sides of game play work together to bring the fun and hardship of a plantation owner to the player and add a new interesting spin to an classic genre."
bsxsid,How’s is there not a Game of Thrones Total War Yet? It would fit there franchise so well.,
bsx8e8,Assassins Creed Ideas,"What if the next AC is a trilogy going by the groups in For Honor? Since Vikings are rumored, for example\n\nAssassins Creed : Kingdom\n( Vikings ) \n\nAssassins Creed : Rising Sun \n( Samurai's )\n\nAssassins Creed : Rise Of The Templars\n( Knights )"
bsshoj,/r/GameIdeas inspired strategy game releases Free Version on the Google Play!,"[Original Post] (https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/47ddj2/carrier_battle/)\n\nVery thankful for all the support I've gotten on this subreddit with the idea for this game, and after it was released on the App Store in January. Just wanted to let the Android users here know that Carrier Commander is now available on Google Play as well.\n\n\n[Free on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.BerlinHaus.Carrier_Commander)\n\n[Game Trailer Video] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJY0X6C7KZw)\n\nDescription: Carrier Commander: War at Sea, is a single player Naval Strategy Game that begins in the Cold War Era. Battles are a combination of Turn-Based and Real Time—and between skirmishes the player must manage resources to build their fleet, research new tech, and acquire special weapons to be used during live combat."
bsr8jl,need help on my game idea!,"I've been thinking about makin a game about a game about a supernatural middle school, or kids in the forest, something supernatural that could maybe appeal to middle schoolers and up, as that's age range of the characters (probably 10-19 years old). anybody got any suggestions?"
bx9mn1,[Dream] aoe2 but with more immersive and interactive wild animals,"[How Crocodiles Cross The Ocean](https://www.livescience.com/6534-secret-revealed-crocodiles-cross-oceans.html)\n\nin aoe2 when wild animals attack, it's just that they see your unit, and then they chase until they lose sight of it. There is a stance in the game called Aggressive, Defensive and Stand Ground.. It would be nice if animals can use those by default\n\nMore advanced behavior: Let animals 'attack' food resources when they get hungry *(and hunger is another new mechanic)*. This could be implemented like how Villagers transform into farmers or hunters, a Sheep could over time transform into a hungry-sheep unit if not fed - and that hungry sheep is aggressive towards food resources\n\nHungry Sheep psuedo code\n\n    // Sheep\n    int Hunger = GetHunger();\n    switch (Hunger) {\n    case 10:\n        transform(HungrySheep);\n        break;\n    case 5 ... 9:\n        wander();\n        baa();\n        break;\n    case default:\n        break;\n    }\n\n    // Hungry Sheep\n        if (CanSeeFood())\n            FollowNearestFoodResource()\n        else\n            Wander()\n\n\n\nHow the hunger mechanic would work\n\nEach sheep would have its own hunger bar\n\nWhen it gets hungry it transforms into hungry sheep\n\nhungry sheep is aggressive towards food resources. If it can't find food after some timeout it will become aggressive sheep. if it can find food it goes back to docile sheep\n\nwell... this is an idea that will never be implemented. all that work for a hungry sheep that grazes on grass (not the terrain - think how minecraft has a dirt block, a grass block, and the grass on top of the grass block. )\n\n\ntl;dr aoe2 sheep should act like minecraft sheep because that would be cool. assigned post [Dream] because i really just want aoe2 mixed with minecraft : creative mode == realtime, multiplayer scenario editor. Minecraft Sheep &gt; aoe2 Sheep. Roaming Monsters? wild wolves and bears could play the role. Animals eating wild grass - aoe1 had a barely equivalent in gazelles being chased by lions, but aoe2 has nothing. Smart animal behavior - both minecraft and aoe2 fail here"
bx7cxp,"An RPG in a post-apocalyptic setting, except the theme is nature versus man, as nature spirits (with Shinto influence a la Princess Mononoke) try to take back the land they once held and keep us from developing technology now that man has partially destroyed itself.","My girlfriend and I have binged a bunch of Ghibli movies and I find myself fascinated by the various nature spirits--it really makes the world feel incredibly alive, and opens the gateway in my mind to endless story possibilities. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI ended up reading about Shinto beliefs and saw the influence from it in not just Spirited Away and Princess Mononoke, but also games we loved like most Zelda titles and more recently, Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. Suddenly a lot of objectives and plot points made more sense, and even tiny details I'd barely noticed before were now rich with symbolism and lore.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWith that said, a lot of frustration in my life comes from general corruption in major powers or big companies, how many of them will sacrifice the well-being of nature and earth's future inhabitants because they see their bank account get a tiny bit bigger. Because of this, I find myself drawn to a games like Fallout, which in many ways is about the legacy of man's hubris and short-sighted nature. Rather than focus on developing technology to lengthen mankind's future or have the major superpowers work together for the common good, most of them instead waited until the last minute of earth's resources being plundered before suddenly going to war, annexing nearby countries and eventually destroying itself. Now the player finds themselves dealing with the aftermath, trying to rebuild society and deal with a world inbetween the stone age and our modern times, where small settlements rise up to claim some resemblance of a neighborhood before being destroyed by giant mutants with assault rifles--all the result of technology gone rogue.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBut I'm a fan of branching stories, morally grey decisions, and major plot conflicts that don't have a discernible good guy. This is where much of the gameplay, quests, and plot becomes somewhat more complicated.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\*\*The Nature Side:\*\*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo perhaps the nature spirits originally respected mankind, but were beaten back and suppressed for thousands of years due to man's progress (somewhat akin to the raccoons in Pompoko, but with the major nature spirits being so weakened they entered a sort of slumber until man receded enough that they could rise and gain a truer form), and now all of nature sees man's progress as harmful. Some choose to befriend man and guide them down paths of progress that will result in furthering of technology, but in a way that ends with the two living in harmony, acknowledging that humans are still an important part of the world (perhaps this can tie into a sort of religion or even the will of the very earth. I enjoy the idea that Mother Earth is a personage and has a will, but is unable to act on it). Others choose warfair, seeing man as something abhorrent that does nothing but destroy in self-interest. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nHowever, many are corrupted from radiation or pollution, and have reached a point of insanity, destroying both humans and fellow nature spirits, turning the land around them into a realm of death. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\*\*The Current State of Man:\*\*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMost original technology is completely destroyed or ""reclaimed"" by nature (perhaps completely overgrown or now guarded in secret locations to ensure humans can't find them). Some small settlements are dotted around the map, consisting of little more than farmers, a mill, a few homes, etc. One or two major towns with large fortifications exist, lead by a very decisive man or woman that protects their citizens and ensures the development of technology and the progress of mankind as a whole. Perhaps an advisor of theirs wants to go reclaim old tech capable of destroying at least the corrupted spirits, if not all the nature spirits that threaten humans, so that progress can be made without fear or bogged down by being focused on defense. Whereas another advisor/family member wants to work with the nature spirits and live in harmony. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis is where the player character comes in. Initially, you only have the choices of siding with the nature spirits to keep mankind in check/impede their progress, or siding with humans to destroy the nature spirits once and for all and achieve a form of peace, with a third more secret ending where you can join the two and make them work together (akin to the Light the Fire, End the Fire, and Become Lord of Hollows endings in Dark Souls 3).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEither way, the common big bads are the corrupted nature spirits. You journey around defeating those, gathering knowledge about the good and bad parts of both sides, before having to make a decision to either destroy the large city determined to end all the nature spirits, or side with them and preserve for technological progress.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWhat do you guys think? This is something I've been stewing on for a very long time and I'd like feedback."
bx5wcu,2D Platformer Idea,"You play as a pirate in a steam-punk styled world. The pirate will have a hook hand, which he/she can also fire off to act as a grappling hook. I don't have much of an idea in the way of story, but a ton of idea for mechanics.\n\nThe game will be very fast-paced and physics based, and it will revolve around using the hook as effectively as possible.\n\nIf you fire the hook at a ledge or something else you can cling onto, such as a ring in the background, you can swing as if on a vine and build momentum and jump off, lower and raise yourself, or pull yourself up very quickly to launch yourself.\n\nIf you fire the hook at an enemy,  if you're on the ground, you can pull the enemy to you and instantly attack and kill them, or if you're in the air, pressing the same button will pull you to them and them to you at the same time, causing you to meet halfway, attack and kill, and also bounce off of them. Another button will pull you to them, along with attack + killing them, and another button will release the hook and pull it back.\n\nBeyond using the hook, you can perform some regular platformer actions, like running and jumping, wall jumping, wall running, and probably some more things."
bx5d50,The Back Rooms (first person shooter),"Inspired by a recent comment on a forum. “ If you’re not careful and you noclip out of reality in the wrong areas, you’ll end up in the backrooms, where its nothing but the stink of old moist carpet, the madness of mono-yellow, the endless background noise of fluorescent lights at maximum hi buzz, and approximately 6 million miles of random segmented rooms to walk through” A Bioshock-ish adventure shooter “The Back Rooms” would start with you as a normal guy Jack who is recently engaged and has a baby on the way. (Keeping story simple for now).                                     \n           \n  One day Jack is relaxing at home with his wife scrolling through reddit and he reads this post about “the back rooms”. It gives him a creepy unsettling feeling. Eventually he goes on with his day. Next day him and his wife are at the hospital for a check up. With a strange anxiousness hanging over him the whole day he stands up and says “ill be right back” and turns the corner heading to the bathroom. He notices something strange as he reaches for the door a feeling almost like reality is lagging around him. He shuts the door behind and turns around to notice something strange. There are no toilets, just another door. Jacks opens the next door to find the same room again. Thinking “these must not be the bathrooms” he goes to head back to the first door. As he opens that would lead to hospital hallway he was in he only finds the same room again. The post jack read flashes through his mind he begins to panic as he opens door after door only to find the same empty room and the same same droning buzz of fluorescent lights. Dread sets in as he realizes he had ended up in the back rooms. \n           \n   With that simple bases for my story i would like to defy the original story somewhat to add in elements that would make for a much better and more visually and all around entertaining game. Jack will eventually meet someone else who has no clipped into the backrooms and they will share their stories and discover clues as to how they ended up here in the first place. Eventually they will make it to a door that is different than the rest. They open it to find a massive grand lobby to a facility with huge sculptures and statues. There is more to the back rooms than the simple repetitive rooms after all. Jack and his partner make it deeper into the facility and acquire guns and other weapons. They use them to fight off the workers of the back room facilities which are a type of smooth faced featureless bring that can fight with telekensis and other mind powers as well as high tech weapons they have created. \n\nThe objective of this whole game will be to escape the back rooms and make it back to the thread of reality that your wife and new born child are existing in. The game will have a retro futuristic style and aesthetic mixing futuristic and alien tech looks with a kind of 50’s - 60’s fallout/prey/wolfenstein feel to it with the catchy 1960 fuzzy radio tune playing to the cigarettes you can loot and smoke.  A classic visually pleasing aethsetical wonderland shooter with a whole new story line. What do you think?"
bx52tg,Spawn Fighting Game,"Spawn is coming to MK11 so I’ve started watching the HBO animated series. Could honestly be an awesome game. Spawn, Chapel, Overkill, the grenade priest. There’s an awesome cast in there. Could even have some troll characters like Twisted Tony or the police detective/Twitch."
bx4g3m,Found phone game but without the detective story part,"Need an idea for a game like SIMULACRA, Normal Lost Phone, Sarah Is Missing, but without the story. I really want to make a game based on a phone interface but without the now cliche detective story (snooping around text messages, looking through taken pictures etc). Maybe it's not possible at all."
bx33tg,Updated Gyromite type game,"I've had this idea floating around where it's a 2 player co-op game. One player is a character moving around a base. The other is the base itself. Opening doors, turning on traps. Working together while holding off enemies wanting to stop the player. \n\nEach area could be puzzle based where a series of tasks need to be completed and the enemies could use different methods of stopping the player. \n\nAnyway, just thought the 2 player mechanic of manipulating the environment hasn't been tackled really."
bx2t27,Need feedback for my top down PVP game,"I have an idea for a game that I wanna start working on and would like your feedback on it.  \n\n\nThe game is a top-down 1v1 where each player is placed in his own enclosed arena. Both the players are visible on the screen at all times and the goal of the game is for the player to kill the other player by shooting bullets through randomly spawning portals on each arena. The portals spawn in color-coded pairs with one portal in each arena and any projectiles that touch a portal emerges through the other portal.  \n\n\nThe bullets themselves live on for quite a while and bounce around the arena walls, making the game a little chaotic and fast-paced  \n\n\nThe health system, I have in mind,  is a tight one. each player has one point of armor and one point of final health point. The armor can only be broken by the opponent's bullet while the player can die by any bullet  \n\n\nThe player themselves will have 3 main abilities. shoot dodge and a special attack all of which will be different for different player types.  \n\n\nwould love to know any feedback on this. or even any improvements you guys might think compliments this mechanic"
bx0ia7,Game idea's to add to my portfolio,"I study game design at a collage in my country.  \nlately they started showing interesting in sending my resume and early work to a couple of local companies in hope to help me get a job.  \n\n\nthe problem is I only have one game which I made in about a week with a couple of friends and got it on the google -playstore\n\n(not sure if allowed to post it, if anyone is inserted I can pm it to you)\n\nI am a bit out of ideas so I came here to see if anyone has an idea for games an intermediate(/expert according to some friends) developer can create (mainly for mobile).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCheers in advance.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\ntldr: need game ideas for short games to add to my portfolio"
bwzob0,A game focused on exploring surreal areas and gaining/ carefully using powerful artifacts,"This is actually just a component/general theme to a magic game idea I have, but I think it can stand on it's own. \n\nThe concept is that there are a handful of powerful artifacts scattered in different surreal domains and they all have incredible strengths and weaknesses. Usually a game just has you mindlessly pick up items assuming that it will help you, but what if you had to be careful how you used them?\n\nThings like Wizard of Legend's cursed relics, or Dishonored's corrupted bone charms are pretty good examples. They give a powerful buff but at a cost. I'm thinking of taking this concept and enhancing it. I want these to be legendary items that are mentioned over the world and make the player think, ""Am I properly equipped to fuck with this thing?"" They should be entwined with the lore and greatly affect the world. \n\nFor example, take the Holy Grail from India Jones. If you stumble across a room full of Grails and you using the wrong one will kill/curse you (we're talking like DS1 curse, stuff that's reversible but you don't wanna mess with), you probably won't wanna just mindlessly pick one up and use it. If you somehow got info before through research and investigation however, choosing the right one might give you a very powerful item (like all healing potions now max out your health and have a health over time effect or something.) \n\nOverall, I just find unique/significant items in games fun. If you're just picking up endless amount of loot that just has slightly higher numbers, it doesn't feel legendary or powerful. I think having items that are legendary and need to be researched a bit before use adds to immersion. It could also be really cool if you use multiple artifacts that compliment each other and cancel out each other's downsides/ enhance their powers. Thoughts?"
bwz3hs,a shooter game with card game elements,"the game is either in 3rd person or 1st person i haven't decided yet. also i haven't played much card games, i just thought of this idea (if any of you here are good at card games, you can help me fix this). i only played slay the spire.\n\nSynopsis: the game takes place in a tower and the player must face other players like a tournament ladder towards the top.\n\nMechanics:\n\n**Cards:**\n\n**-Attack cards (LFT. MB):** players cannot attack unless they use attack cards. when they use attack cards, they can hold unto the attack until you use left click and their attack damage is based on the damage of the card and they can be increased by other cards. the attacks can stack in order, but the damage differs by the cards used.\n\n**-Spell cards (RT. MB):** spell cards are cards that either deals damage in different ways, applies status effects, or both. these cards can stack in order.\n\n**-Skill cards:** these cards are automatic. these cards apply effects on yourself, enemies, your decks etc.\n\n**-Draw pile (Q):** since the game isn't turn based, you can draw continuously. but when you draw a new set of cards, all cards in your hand is sent to the discard pile.\n\n**Armor:** players can gain armor, which reduces damage by 20%. there is a maximum amount, and it's capacity is based on your character. there are also status effects that ignore armor, but there are also different types of armor that you can get from cards.\n\n**Characters:** players can play different characters with different cards. but even though there are characters, players can pick different cards that lets them play unique play styles. examples with example play styles are:\n\n\- spell thief: |can spam attack cards| |can dodge attacks while weakening them with attacks|\n\n\- pyromancer: |can corner players with large aoe attacks| |stacking burn debuffs (deal damage per secs. and increases damage of attack cards|\n\n\- undead: |can play cards that increases it's effects by lost health| |can use a life steal deck|\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nthis is all i can think of right now. you can ask for suggestions."
bww9fj,The Sims except it's a roguelite,"So I've got this one while making my game. I had to cut it down a bit but someone else might have the time to make this...\n\nThis one is quite simple. Take a top-down roguelite and add a bit of Sims mechanics like needs and skills. Having full needs can give bonuses having low ones can potentially lead to death.\n\nTo fill needs the player needs to interact with objects, much like in The Sims. These can be found around the level and can only be used a limited amount of time before they break. The player could also use one-time use items that they bought in stores.\n\nThere are also skills the player can learn by finding books or interacting with special objects (much like how they work in The Sims). These skill can help the player along the way by easing certain challenges. For example there could be a cooking skill that, once high enough, can heal the player while filling their hungry need. There could even be a logic skill that can give players hints about how to defeat certain enemies. \n\nAside from skills, there could also be stats that, unlike skills, can only be changed with new pieces of equipment or even upgrades. Things like luck, attack and/or defense. These could even play out in learning skills, like for example there could be an intelligence stat that can speed up learning the logic skill. They could even have strong synergy between some skills and some stats, where as having both a strong attack stats and a high strength will add a small bonus to both.\n\nThe player just need to beat a boss and get to the next level while facing more common enemies. There will be range and melee weapons and each types of weapons might need different skills to be efficient with it. Also, like most roguelites there are upgrades that can influence many things like how fast a need depletes or how effective objects are at fulfil needs. Each upgrades can be get after bosses or can be found in secret areas.\n\nLike in most roguelites there's permadeath. Once the player dies they need to start a new run. There's also a bit of unlockable characters that comes prepackaged with a range of skills, stats, equipment and upgrades. \n\nThere will be two modes, the main mode and the DIY mode. While the main mode uses procedural generation to make levels, the DIY mode let players design their own level and share them around others on the internet. These can, of course, be saved locally and replayed anytime."
bww2gg,An Undertale-combat-style dueling game where one player plays the player and the other one plays the boss.,"A top down bullet hell(?) where one player is a little cube guy running around dodging and the other guy is the boss doing all the EpiC attacks. \n\n**Boss:**\n\nBefore the duel starts, the boss can customize attack patterns, up to 7 of them, and also slot individual attacks into their loadout as well. Attacks have cooldowns too, and the longer sequences are, the longer their cooldowns will be. \n\nHow to make attack patterns: \n\nBosses can chain together individual attacks, like aiming them and stuff, and setting delays. The maximum length an attack pattern can be is 10 seconds, but the longer one is, the longer its cooldown will be. \n\nMaking attack patterns consist of dragging and dropping elements into a sequence of orders. An example is shown below using the attack **Blade Shot,** and **Explosion.** \n\nBlade Shot(-27 degrees, \[10,20\])   ←The brackets resemble a coordinate on the path.\n\nBlade Shot(-28 degrees, \[10,20\])   ←The degree measures the angle of the attack.\n\nBlade Shot(-29 degrees, \[10,20\])\n\nBlade Shot(-30 degrees, \[10,20\])\n\nBlade Shot(-31 degrees, \[10,20\])\n\nBlade Shot(-32 degrees, \[10,20\])\n\nExplosion\[0,0\]\n\nDELAY\[1\]   ← A delay of one second\n\nSIMUL:   ← This means that the next few attacks will happen simultaneously\n\n{Explosion\[-50,50\]\n\nExplosion\[50,-50\]\n\nExplosion\[50,50\]\n\nExplosion\[-50,-50\]\n\n}\n\nDELAY\[1\]\n\nBlade Shot(90 degrees, \[0,0\])\n\n**This attack pattern will shoot a fan of blades in quick succession all centered on the point 10,20 on the screen, plop a big explosion in the middle of the screen right after that, wait 1 second, and then simultaneously put four explosions each centered on the four sides of the map. After that, another delay, and then another blade careens down from the top of the screen down to the bottom, passing through 0,0.** \n\nIn order to accept and save an attack pattern, you must name it, and then verify it by surviving your own attack pattern taking less than 10 damage TWICE IN A ROW. Only then can you put it in your loadout. \n\nIndividual attacks can also be put into loadouts, which you can manually aim in the middle of a battle. \n\nWhen you first start the game, you will only be able to sequence attacks one after another using the DELAY function, but as you level up, you gain more functions to put in your attack patterns. \n\n**NOTE:** Different brackets dictate different data values. \n\n\[\]-Coordinate on the screen\n\n()-Integer value\n\n{}-Misc value/String value\n\n**Level 1:**\n\nDELAY-Sets a delay for attacks to happen\n\n**Level 3:**\n\nSIMUL-Make attacks happen simultaneously. \n\n**Level 5:**\n\nLOOP(a)-Make a certain part of the attack pattern loop for a certain amount of time.\n\n**Level 6:**\n\nHOME-Makes the attack automatically home in on the player’s current position\n\n**Level 7:**\n\nGUESS(a,b,c,d)-Sets four coordinates, and then picks random positions in the given area to put attacks in. Attacks with coordinates while inside the GUESS function will not take effect. \n\n**Level 9:**\n\nIF(\[a,b,c,d\])-If the player is detected in a certain spot of the screen, then the IF function will pass. \n\nELSE-Works in tandem with the IF function. \n\n**Level 10:**\n\nSIZE\[a,b\]-Changes the size of the stage/screen to fit your needs. \n\nSPLIT\[a AND/OR b\]-Splits the screen/stage at an x or y coordinate. \n\n**Level 12:**\n\nSPEED(a)\[b\]-Makes the stage turn into a giant treadmill, which constantly moves the player back in a certain direction. \n\n**Level 15:**\n\nFORCE{Type}-Forces the player to change to a certain **value** of cuboid. \n\n**Player:**\n\nAs a player, you are a cuboid, meaning that you can move using WASD or arrow keys, and you use your mouse to aim your weapon. \n\nDuring the boss fight, you can switch **values,** which means that you can switch between different types of cuboids, each with different abilities. The types of cuboids are shown below as well as the level they are unlocked. \n\n**Level 1:**\n\nCube-Use WASD to move, and mouse to shoot. Fires a rapidfire stream of data bullets at the boss. \n\n**Level 2:**\n\nWing-Use A and D to steer, and W to move. Moves very fast, but quite hard to control. Fires homing ArrayRockets that home in on the boss. \n\n**Level 3:**\n\nJump-The player is now affected by gravity, and uses the spacebar to jump and double jump. Throws high-damage ServerBombs that fly in an arc. \n\n**Level 5:**\n\nWall-A rectangle that uses WASD and acts as a small “snake”(you know, from the game snake). Grows a unit on its tail every 10 seconds, giving it more health, which is theoretically infinite. However, whenever the player hits their own “tail” they will cut off that portion of their body and lose health proportional to how much tail was lost. Less maneuverability in tight spaces, but more health overall. \n\n**Level 8:**\n\nBlanker-WASD to move, just like the Cube, but moves slower that one, and has a slight drift. Every 15 seconds, the Blanker can terminate its connection to the boss, “blanking” any attacks nearby and negating their damage. Right click to activate special ability. Launches low damage PacketBullets at the boss.\n\n**Level 10:**\n\nKali-Use WASD to move. Has less health than other cuboids, but can use its special ability DOMAIN ASSIMILATION to make attacks heal you for 2 seconds. Activates once per 10 seconds. \n\n**Level 12:**\n\nChip-Use WASD to move, and has a special ability: Latency Choke, which lets the Chip warp up to ¾ of the screen away from its location every 7 seconds, but has a melee attack instead of a ranged one. \n\n**Level 15:**\n\nMotherBoard-Uses WASD to move, and has a larger hitbox than other cuboids. Every 10 seconds, the MotherBoard summons 1 mini cuboid that will shoot the boss with low damage OverGlocks. Right clicking on a cuboid lets the MotherBoard transfer its data over to the cuboid, effectively swapping places with it. Cooldown of 15 seconds. \n\nOnce the stage it set, the player and boss duke it out, and the boss wins by defeating the player, while the player wins by defeating the boss. I mean, duh."
bwunqo,"Something like TF2, except only support classes, so you have to be creative to actually deal damage.",
bwoaol,Skill-based PvP Arena type game.,"I got pretty much the whole picture of the game itself, its pretty much a dream, so somethings might need changing to make it possible, but the main idea is workable. The best thing about it, is that it could be launchable since like alpha and enjoyable since is not about big worlds or complicated quests but Arenas."
bwmnn2,A Loud House video game.,"This game has a premise similar to that of Kirby Mass Attack, but in 3D. All of the Loud siblings (sans Lily) will start at a starting point in the level and will have to reach the exit door. If at least one Loud reaches the exit door, the stage will be clear. You initially begin each level controlling Lincoln, but you can switch to the other Louds on the fly.\n\nYou will need more Louds to do specific tasks to help you clear the level (for instance, defeating a small enemy might only require one Loud, while moving a huge turnip might require all 10).\n\nThe Louds will typically cluster in a group with Lincoln in the centre, but if an enemy approaches the group one of the Louds will automatically break from the formation to attack the enemy.\n\nEach of the Louds has a health meter. If this is depleted, they will be knocked out and will disappear. You will have to wait 30 seconds before they automatically revive. If all 10 siblings are knocked out at once, a life is lost.\n\nEach of the Louds has a special power that will allow them to assist their siblings with clearing the level. For example:\n\n* Lisa can concoct flasks to give buffs to her siblings' attack, defense or speed.\n* Lola and Lana can fit through small gaps the other cannot get through.\n* Luan can parter up with Benny for team attacks.\n* Lincoln can pass through special Lincoln-only doors that the other Louds cannot pass through."
bwavsq,Looking for gamemode and enemy ideas,"So I'm currently working on a remake of a game I made a while back. Nothing special, just a Geometry Wars inspired game.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAnyway, this new remake has a lot of different gamemodes and enemies, and so I'm looking for new ones to add. The current enemies and gamemodes include:\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nGAMEMODES:\n\n* Classic - Just kill enemies and get score.\n* Passive - Bombs spawn that you have to use to kill enemies.\n* Timeloop - No lives. Getting hit decreases time, run out of time and you lose.\n* Sniper - Limited ammo, overpowered weapon. Get as much score as you can without losing all your lives and before running out of ammo.\n* Boss - Fight a boss.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nENEMIES:\n\nI'd prefer for these enemies to base their attacks around movement and things like that, not necessarily bullets. Also, the passive gamemode uses a simple small enemy that moves towards you but are spawned en masse.\n\n* Simple enemy that moves towards you\n* Enemy that wanders randomly\n* Enemy that wanders but only in 4 directions and requires more hits to kill\n* Enemy that moves towards you but at an offset, so if you move towards it it'll move in the same direction slightly\n* Enemy that teleports to your vicinity\n* Enemy that follows, but it's speed increases gradually\n* Obligatory snake enemy\n* Enemy that once killed turns into 2 smaller versions of itself that require 5 hits to kill\n* An enemy that simply moves in one direction, and when it hits a wall, 180 degrees are added to it's direction\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI'll credit this subreddit in the credits of course, and if one person comes up with enough gamemodes/enemy ideas, i'll credit them specifically. :)"
bw9vu9,Life of an MMO novice,"An ~~idea~~ horrible wall of text (sorry) based on my experience trying to figure out all the obscure workings of an MMO for the first time:  \n\n\nEssentially, you play an MMO as an RPG. or that is to say, you play someone playing an MMO for the first time, with all the confusion that comes with it, as well as managing their away from keyboard life. (this will essentially be an MMO **SIMULATOR**, not an actual MMO)  \n\n\n**Story** (not well figured out): The main character, let's call them **A**, has just gotten home, having purchased a disc copy of a popular MMO. they install it, make an account, and are hit with a huge update. it's already a little late, so they leave it to install while they eat dinner and get some sleep. (this introduces the basic care aspect of the lifesim part of the game, and if the player takes a look at the progress of the update just before going to bed the odd names of the large file being downloaded could be a fun bit of foreshadowing for what happens next).   \n\n\nThe next day is the start of the weekend, so **A** begins the day leisurely and then gets ready to play. the update finishes installing at around 9, and it's ready to play. **A** hits play, watches the opening cinematic... aaaaaand suddenly starts to hear someone (or text appears on their screen). for now, someone's name is **B**. as the cinematic kicks into full gear, **A** and **B** go through the usual ""what the hell?"" ""you tell me!"", and eventually get to the initial exposition dump. **B** turns out to be a bit of a veteran MMO player, either of this game or another (the distinction here could determine some of the mechanics: whether **B** shows you the ropes or you have to go through trying to figure out how the hell the game works for yourself).   \n\n\nThey were playing their own game as normal, they ran into an odd event in game, SOMETHING happened, then they groggily woke up in some someone's joke-spec PC. beyond that they don't know anything about their situation, or even what they are. (they are absolutely NOT dead, so could **A** PLEASE stop calling them a tech-ghost!)  \n\n\naaaaand, after that i don't really know. for some reason, they decide to try and find a solution in the game. **B** is confined to the PC and has no influence on it, so they have to settle for guiding (and riffing with) **A** (though they can perceive the room outside of the PC as if they were there). **A** meanwhile now has a huge obligation on his hands instead of the casual fun they thought they'd get from playing this new game on and off, on top of their everyday life and job that they need to balance. (and, if they want any privacy, they're restricted to going through their TOTALLY PG site browsing on other devices). so, they go through the usual MMO experience, but with this overarching ~~what the hell is going on?~~ mystery story line (and hopefully some great frenemy dialogue).  \n\n\nyeah, i dunno, have fun.  \n\n\n**GAMEPLAY** (so it turns out this idea may be a little half-baked?):  \n\n\nso, to re-iterate, this is by no means an actual MMO, or even anything looking much like one. what i'm picturing is sort of a screen simulator/management game, with a separate and simple life sim aspect: you go through the same activities you would in an MMO, but they're represented by simpler tasks, perhaps minigames, that you choose to do in the limited time (and boredom tolerance) that your character has available.  \n\n\noutside of the mediocre gameplay like grinding and raiding, more driven gameplay elements such as picking guilds, buying DLC, and giving up on figuring things out and trying to decipher online guides would be more driven by decision based dialogue trees with **B** and occasionally other ""players"". these are the aspects that drive the story forward and unlock more of the game.  \n\n\nThen, there's **A'**s life to consider. they're not doing terribly, but they still have a job they need to go to, and they still haven't forsaken food, sleep, and a social life. these things need to be tended to not only for **A**'s wellbeing, but also to make sure you have the resources you'll need to keep playing the MMO (mostly just energy, mental capacity for grind and drudgery, and ""premium currency"").  \n\n\nsometimes you'll even need to unwind from all the fun **A**'s having in that MMO by playing something else. sometimes to **B**'s relief (they get bored too), but also sometimes to their chagrin (they're still TRAPPED, you know. maybe get on that?).  \n\n\n  \n\n\n  \nokay i'm not sure i can stop all that getting less coherent, and i guess it's done, so i'ma stop here"
bw9nb3,In need of a 2D mobile game idea 💡,"Hey guys,  hope you are all having a great day .\n\nI have been in game development for a year now , however lately , have been running out of ideas for a 2D game for iPhone and Android . \n\nIf you have any:\n- Crazy Ideas\n- Cool Game Concepts\n- Something you always wanted to play\n- Something you like in 2D games \n\nPlease let me know \n\nAny ideas on your mind are appreciated and will be helpful for me .\n\nThank you , for your help \nHave a nice day 😘\n\nDon’t be shy , much love to the Reddit community ❤️"
bw7wp5,I need a simple 2d game idea,Hi. I would like to practice 2d games since I'm new to coding.
bw3eqt,Dine and Dash,"In a parallel world where food wanders the wilderness fully prepared and ready to eat.  You, a starving child must venture out and seek nourishment.  \n\nSeeking out slow moving chip bags may fend off starvation but will do little to improve your well being. What you really want is the elusive steak and potatoes! (Or three bean salad for those more meat conscious)  That is the only way you can truly grow and become strong!"
bvylso,"Not a game idea, but an idea for games","In FPS games, there'd be a reference window where you can see the effect of graphics settings (things like Anti-Aliasing, FOV, and Ambient Occlusion come to mind), and clicking inside of it will give you control of it and you can take a look at the effects of gameplay settings (things like mouse sensitivity, v-sync and various input settings come to mind)."
bvuy8c,Start a homestead from scratch,"You inherit land in the middle of nowhere. Easy mode: you get land with a stream, tall trees, ideal soil. Hard mode: you get land in a desert with shrubs, wind, sun.\n\nBefore you can move out there, you start with some money(more with easy, less with hard) that you need to spend in order to make it possible to live out there.\n\nYou can buy an RV or all the way down to a Walmart tent. You can buy a generator and/or solar panels. Don't know how to make panels work? F*** you, go wiki that s***. This game doesn't hold your hand.\n\nYour road into town sucks; spend money to fix it or hope your truck doesn't break down. Get a way to earn an income. Choose to have internet that's unreliable.\n\nWant chickens? Build a fence to keep out the wildlife.\n\nYou'll have a mouse problem; get a barn cat but don't name it because a coyote will get it one night.\n\nStart a garden: protect it from hungry critters.\n\nSummer in hard mode: it drops your like a punch to the face. To have the will power to get up off the floor in the heat, buy a fan or AC unit and make it run with your DIY electric grid.\n\nWinter in hard mode: Frozen pipes, frozen water, frozen walls, frozen shut front door. Do you have enough power/propane/wood to stay warm?\n\n**Minecraft without the creepers if it had a baby with Garry's Mod.**"
bvtcad,Card-based Bullet Hell game,"So here's the basic concept. In most bullet hell games, you have your character that fires constantly, you have the little targets that fire a couple times before leaving, and you have the big bosses that use huge, sweeping attacks. (In the Touhou series, these are called ""Cards,"" which is what I'm going to call them because I'm a scrub. :P )\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWhat if we shake up the formula? What if the only attacks you can perform are Cards? What if you could, for example, build a deck of different wave patterns, and in order to attack, you have to expend that Card? Then the boss fight wouldn't be so much ""constant firing while dodging the attack"" so much as ""carefully timing when the opponent is right in line for your Card."" This would be particularly interesting as a PvP mode, since you could each have a deck and play Cards against each other. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI think what you'd have to do to make this more interesting would be the ability to combine Cards somehow. So if you have a Card that creates, say, a fan of knives that requires you to move left and right to dodge them, you could combine that with a laser type move that fires horizontally. Now your opponent has to dodge left and right while simultaneously watching out for the moment to dodge up and down. Or maybe you have an attack that's a constricting circle, making the opponent stay still, then combine that with a homing attack that makes them need to move around.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIt also means you can mix in TCG/deckbuilding elements, which are also some of my favorite mechanics. Maybe you would start with a really generic deck, but the little guys you fight drop upgrades and more powerful Cards to prep you for the boss. Now I'm just spitballing. I'm curious what you think!"
bvr6tp,A focus on telekinetic powers.,"Not an original idea/concept, I know.\n\nUsing only telekinesis, solve puzzles, defeat enemies, and traverse the environment. \nStart off with a simple ""grab"", but unlock more abilities and stronger versions as you progress. \n\nSome movement abilities could be a double jump, a hover, and a grapple to pull yourself towards high or out of reach areas/things. \nOffensive: create mini explosions, or even a telekinetic version of a black hole that sucks things in at a certain point. Make finger guns with your hands and mentally shoot the enemy. Defensively you could create a mental wall to stop bullets etc. \n\nAbilities would be assigned to each hand, so shield with one hand and grab with the other. Or have the same ability in each hand for a stronger effect ie. grab or lift something heavy, create a bigger explosion, etc.\n\nStory would take a back seat. Something simple, like wake up in a lab strapped to a table, or something equally cliche."
bvr2xo,Pokémon Mystery Dungeon but in the style of Ys Memories of Calcutta,"I played ys on the psvita and it is one of my favorite rpgs to play, the battle system had heavy and light attacks and it let you have 4 super moves that you could use in the middle of battle."
bvnn0m,"A shooter where instead of winning, the goal is to keep the battle going for as long as possible.","My idea would be a 2d side-scrolling, 2d top-down or 3d FPS game where both teams have to work together, attacking eachother enough that the battle doesn't end, but not enough that any team wins.\n(Inspired by the perpetual war of George Orwell's 1984)"
bvn84j,Racing multiplayer game like fzero,I have been thinking about making a game. I had this idea for a while and I want to know if there would be an audience who will be interested in playing it. My idea is a 2.5 d racing game like the original F-zero and Mario kart. I plan to emphasize the game on multiplayer. I plan to learn how to make games so I can do my idea.I plan to show a prototype when I can. Please let me know if you would be interested and if you want to give me help or advice it would be greatly appreciated. Note that I'm not asking for money I'm planning on paying for it if I need to myself.
bvm1yw,Top Down Rampage,"  \n\nConcept: Top down arcade style game where you play as a serial killer trying to kill innocents and upgrade your character whilst maximising the carnage. Police leading towards the army will try to stop your rampage whilst civilians will try to hide or escape the level. The levels end when all the civilians have either died or escaped. There will be boss levels which may include giant machines sent by the army to stop you or other serial killers whose territory you have invaded.\n\nMechanics: The kills you get provide you with xp to level up your character. Increasing your level allows you to customise your serial killer with perks which can augment their offense, defence, surveillance (finding civilians) and mobility. I was thinking of the possibility of skill trees that will take you down paths of turning your killer into a tech heavy gun specialist for example or a Lovecraftian blob of tentacles. Dying occurs when your health pool reaches 0 (obviously) which occur from being damaged too much by the police, bosses or by not satisfying your needs of killing enough civilians. Civilians can hide in closets etc which the killer have to open to get at them and can escape through doors and windows in the level.\n\nPlease tell me what you guys think 😊"
bvl3sn,"A character-based, first person fantasy RPG: Dragon Age crossed with Until Dawn","Think Until Dawn in a Dragon Age setting. I'd like to play as one member of a party of NPCs that are trying to reach a goal and survive in a medieval fantasy combat and exploration game. The key quality of this game is the real, human interactions between desperate people trying to survive a terribly hostile environment with companions that don't have the same values or priorities. Rather than how most fantasy games treat 100 goblin fights as just an achievement to unlock or an injury as an icon that debuffs stats temporarily, it sees people having to deal with these life and death situations as if living through it is exhausting, worrying, hampering, stressful, traumatising, and a deadly threat to hope and life.\n\nThe names, appearances, personalities, and skills of each character is pre-determined, though the player gets to choose which of the party members to play though the game as (offers replayability by playing each character through). \n\nThe game is played in sections or chapters, with future events toggled by past decisions and character deaths. \n\nThe character relationships are important to the play through. Most party-based RPGs revolve around one core main character that all the party members have a clear reason to be following and loyal to. In this game, there is no blind loyalty to a leader, and like every good survival scenario, the characters constantly argue about priorities, destinations, pathways and strategies. \n\nFor example, the party debates and decides to ambush a camp of foes, but there's disagreement about who the healer should prioritise in combat: the older tank that will lead the charge and try holding the attention of the foes, or the younger warrior and other vulnerable party members that aren't skilled or equipped to avoid getting hurt. The player can encourage one decision or another, and if they play as the healer, how well they do what was agreed to influences the outcome and relationships (which can include the possibility and fallout of not sticking to the agreement at all). \n\nAfter combat and events, characters take a breather and react to what happened. Those that make mistakes, especially friendly-fire, start off getting called out and berated by others, but as mistakes are repeatedly made, relationships become increasingly hostile to the point of making co-operation in decisions and combat completely break down.\n\nIt's at these times that the player can make choices between replies and decisions that fit the playing-character's personality, and the differences in options are subtle but wide enough to influence events.\n\nCombat and exploration is real time with quick-time events. Most games of this style are done in third person side-on or overhead view, but I like context of limiting the player's situational awareness with first person perspective such as how most horror games are done."
bvi8z8,Dialog Combat? Social Interaction Mini-Games?,
bvehxq,Mining Business Game/Space RTS Game,"So the idea for this game is that you are a sort-of mining warlord in a sci-fi universe. \n\nYou have the mining-business game, in which it might have similarities to, for example, Turmoil(look it up, great game xD), being a game where you set up drills to extract resources and manage some of the logistics. \n\nIn this case, though, it would be far slower-paced, to allow for multiple potential venues to mine from. The important thing is that it would have a sort of side-on perspective where your screen is mostly taken up by the ground. The graphics for this part, at least, I imagine being as simple as colored pixels or as complex as fully-rendered 3D models, but the former seems more realistic, as this is honestly more of a metagame.\n\nThe much more fast-paced and, to many, more engaging, RTS side would involve you deploying and commanding a fleet of ships to defend your little mining outposts and conquer new ones. \n\nThis could be a single-player game, with you just fighting against AI fleets for supremacy, but I prefer the multiplayer option, where multiple players are vying for dominance and resources. There could be many ship types, but honestly only a command ship and the smaller ships around it are necessary, so that there can be a command center for which strategy to work around (in that, if you lose the command ship, you lose the fight). Of course, you could change that and say that the mining posts are close enough that they are the command centers, or say that the only goal is to destroy the entire fleet, without a ""command center"" to strategize around and be the win condition. Then it would favor larger fleets even more heavily, however; giving the smaller fleets much less ability to use bold strategy to win the day."
bvax7e,Ultimate Universe - customize your adventure (Single player RPG),"**Infinite Generations** is an RPG for the PC. Your goal is to be the strongest and richest person in the game. There is very little ""online""\n\n**Cost:**\nIt costs 30 dollars + 30 for  3 packs of DLC.\n\n**Rating:**\nT for teen. No gore but strong violence and heavy themes.\n\n**Story:**\nThe entire story is told in speech bubbles. There is an option to  turn Text to speech on or off (inspiration: Tomodachi Life)\nYou play as the first person you created. It's heavily implied that it's more of an original creation because they are the only one with their memories in tact.  There are 3 heroes you find throughout your journey and you can customize them as you wish. None of the three have a set and stone dialogue, in fact, whatever they say in the story is randomized based on who says it and based on the personality you choose for them, meanwhile ""Your"" dialogue is set and stone and is not based on the personality you choose for yourself. You can also change the side characters and villians' models. The side characters are initially randomized and you can change them up in the menu (Inspiration: Miitopia)\n\nYou haves Four scenarios -\nMedieval Fantasy - Your main character is a noble (Job you chose) of the king. Your goal is to defeat the evil wizard who is attempting to destroy the kingdom. For the first half of the game, you are set out to defend the castle. However You are too late and the kingdom is destroyed. So now comes the other half of the story. The war against the wizard's kingdom. You are set to infiltrate the kingdom once and for all.\n\nScifi - The year is 3077. You are a lone  mercenary set out to protect evil. DUring this part you are mostly missioned to take down some evil and meet hero 2 who seems to also be a mercenary. At one point you get readings of Hero number 3 trapped in a cage.  Your mission now is to defeat whoever trapped Hero 3 and save them from wherever they are trapped at.\n\nModern - Hero number 1 works as a janitor in a large gaming company. An alien invasion has struck down before your hero's very eyes and its up to you to find out what it is. You eventually join up with the other heroes who are either trapped in an alien prision or are trying to hunt you down.\n\nAll out - A scientist friend of yours in the year 4000 has built a time machine that will send you to the previous 3 mentioned scenarios and change the outcomes for the greater good or evil. You can choose to unite with the heroes or not.\n\nIf you are wondering, Hero number 2 to  4 are mostly blank slates and whoever fills the role are randomized or based on what the player chooses who can fill the roles.\n\n**Gameplay**\nYou can choose which gameplay style you want. There are two\nTurn based RPG - Plays like Final fantasy IX. \n\nAction RPG - Plays like KIngdom Hearts \n\n**Items**\ndepending on where you are, items and weapons vary. YOu have swords, flails, and daggers for the medieval fantasy times, Guns, knives, machetes for modern times, laser related modern/medieval weapons for scifi future, or all of the above for the time travel scenario\n\n**Graphics**\nThe graphics vary. By default its kinda meh looking for weak PCs. But you can always change the graphics to make it like a real ps4/modern PC game or if your PC is really weak you can make it blocky looking. \n\n\n**Character customization**\nTHe meat of the game. You can either customize a human model with lots, and lots of detail or import 3d models of your own."
bv8rfz,Mobile Game Ideas Please,"Hey guys, I know a lot of these have been put on here, but not really felt some of the ideas.  The only I am posting is because my creativity and imagination has just hoped out the window.\n\nWould you guys care to share your ideas?\n\n3D or 2D, nothing that will take to complete, just a mini project I can submit to the Play Store.\n\nThanks guys!"
bv5bbp,"A simple game called ""don't let the zombies touch you""","One of the games I'm making is really simple, but I think it's a little too simple. Maybe you guys have some ideas for additional mechanics. I'm making it to be a simple time-waster.\n\nSo far, here's the whole idea: You've got a gun (currently has unlimited ammo). Zombies constantly spawn. You shoot a zombie to kill it. If a zombie touches you, game over. \n\nAny ideas?"
bv44zb,A warioware type mobile game idea.,You're a young entrepreneur running a few very sketchy business chains. And you need to complete a number of microgames to earn currency to upgrade your restaurant and attract more customers. If you fail a microgame you will attract the attention of the police. To lose the police you need to complete a series of police-themed microgames. If you fail them you will lose money.\n\nThere are five different food chains you can run each restaurant having there own set of microgames which will be harder than the last bunch. Here are a few microgame ideas. Removing fingers from pizza dough. Cleaning human blood from burger patties. And removing eyeballs from the ice cream dispenser.\n\nThe list of chains you can run.\n-Burger joint.\n-Bakery\n-Pizzeria\n-Buffet\n-Icecream parlor.
bv2jyf,As your blindness progresses you have to memorize patterns of play to eventually spend one day acting in complete blindness.,"Not sure, maybe it’s 2D. But your player has a specific set of tasks to complete on a regular basis, and over time you learn how this character has to live life to survive. It could be a short game, and the final “boss” is traversing that person’s life in complete darkness."
bv1yks,"A fractal can have as many dimensions as you like. If each dimension other than X and Y is a mouse draggable slidebar, you could navigate 20 dimensions seeing the fractal change appearance. Could be puzzle games to shape it certain ways.",
bv11gs,Which one would you prefer?,"My initial idea of my\nOwn game was going to be heavily high graphics for pc related, a first person horror game similar to amnesia/outlast, as a solo dev, Alot became too much  I already did the groundwork and am pausing this whole game for later on.\n\nSo now i'm looking at Mobile, I might work on a mobile game, that kinda is a free to play game with Mtx in it.\n\nI currently have 2 idea's;\n\nA 'runner' type of game like geometry, but with alot more depth, as in new 'worlds' with levels in them etc, also not 'normal to play' but more like every level costs a key which is on a regeneration etc etc, after certain levels you'd unlock 'buildings' to build which would take hours or even days but make your life alot easier aswell.\n\nThe other idea is a Towerdefence kind of game but I currently have no plans for it, probably something similar to plants vs zombies, but not with plants neither zombies.\n\nI honestly am NOT a mobile gamer, when I was younger I played alot of pvz&amp;clash of clans and stuff but now I just play games when i'm VERY bored.\n\nAre any of the 2 options I just named decent? I will start working on some stuff on unreal engine 4 tomorrow, I think it won't be 2d but Hybrid, kinda like how Donkey kong does it, so not '2d' but neither '3d' it's hard to explain, For my first world i'll also not worry about assets and just prototype with the platformer starterpack!"
bzk0uz,Within Earth (VGC) Video Game Concept,"What if archaeologists dug deep enough towards the earth's core to find the origins of the planets history in the distant future. Technology is advance enough to dig further than ever before and protect humans from intense heat. The further you go down, the more horrors and terrors appear as demons actual exist underneath the surface of the crust, an old species of man that was never evolved from within the earth.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nRemnants that earth was a prison at one time are scattered across the underground, How mankind was abandoned beneath the surface of rock by ancient aliens who purposely put them their to forget the mistakes their civilization made to reform these rejects, so instead of killing them, which was part of their code of life to not commit murder or be filled with hatred, they dug underneath rock to place these humans deep in the depths of the earth.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOvertime even ancient aliens forgot about the humans because of their own conflicts, so all was abandoned, but life still brewed for centuries underneath tons of rock. At one point, a few of these humans dug out through the surface and began a new life, overtime they transitioned to shed the hatred inside of them, just not fully. Time went on and evolution proceeded to change the values of mankind, reforming older ways with newer ways.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe Visions became more clear that the humans in fact were not forgotten but given a chance to reform themselves if they all work together as a species to achieve a higher learning, being surveyed outside the planet to see if these humans can evolve without destroying each other, though their is still a force above ground that retains the hatred that never evolved, keeping the dark lineage that rules over planet earth for thousands of years, Power has always been the vessel of hatred and it doesn't matter what face assumes the position.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBut understanding the depths of earth will awaken the truth about the surface in this fantasy title, how the past has a way to show itself in the future."
bzhjrg,New twists on the RTS genre?,"Hello,\n\nI was just thinking what else could be done in the RTS genre? Games like Warcraft 3, AoE2, Northgard, Majesty, CoH etc.\n\nI am thinking about making a new, original but still classic RTS game, with interesting design, lore, graphics and most importantly gameplay.\n\nI have some few ideas, but I would like to hear you out, guys. What would you suggest? What are some new twists for this genre?"
bzazyj,Dating Game: Reality,I don't know if this was done before.\n\nA dating VN game using real pictures of places as backgrounds. and real people (using fictional names) as characters. and I mean non-celebrities and great looking places not usually featured in media.
bz9diw,"A drive by Pineview Road | Narrative, Horror, Short, 1st-Person","This is a **super** simple idea I had. Basically you're riding shotgun with your friend on a late night drive through some rural backroads. You and him are making small talk when your character asks to borrow the friend's phone. Suddenly, like as you get the phone, you get a text that says......\n\n*Don't trust this*\n\nYour character remarks on the weird text your friend is getting. What follows is various strange, supernatural, and/or meta events that make the player question what exactly is happening. Events such as:\n\n• A person/animal/creature off in the woods. Was that real?\n\n• Various texts making you question if your friend is really your friend.\n\n• Various texts making you question whether the MC is an evil person.\n\n• The friend/MC contradicting himself or the stories they're chatting about subtly changing (names, people, places, etc). One way you could do this is employ super low-res graphics then switch the age or genders of the characters. The kind of switch that could go unnoticed if the player isn't paying attention.\n\nThis could go a number of ways. I lack any real knowledge of game design so I'm probably never making it, but I guesstimate it could be done in a weekend if you had the resources. This feels like one of those indie gems you always hear about, like Imscared."
bz90tc,"""Dead by Daylight"" meets ""Call of Duty"" and ""Wither Assault""","**Main Idea:** Survivors attempt to activate cores throughout the map while ""the Alpha"" (hunter) tries to stop and kill them. As cores are progressively activated, the Alpha gains power-ups and skills (depending on the character). If all cores are activated, ""the Alpha"" has health significantly diminished, stealth deactivated and is vulnerable to death.\n\n**Concepts in Detail (Warning VERY LONG):**\n\n* **Soldiers**\- Soldiers are the main players in the game (2-8 or 16 in special custom matches) and start out with their full loadout (2 weapons/1 weapon and 1 tool). Although there are no classes, each player can customize the weapon loadout and each soldier's tech tree, i.e. their skill tree. For example: A player with a shotgun and flare gun might focus on expanding health and damage against stealthy Alphas, while a player with a rifle and a medkit might focus on slightly more movement speed and healing skills. \n   * Players are required to have a least one weapon. Tools are medkits, anti-stealth flashlights/flare guns, core decoder, or movement sensors to detect and slow down Alphas.\n   * Worth noting that a soldier's skill tree will impact them far less than an Alpha's skill tree, which is much more extensive.\n   * Each weapon a soldier has is customizable both with skins and attachments earned through gameplay. These attachments can health increase accuracy, recoil, and sometimes damage against certain Alphas.\n   * Each soldier will have a radar that has a minimap outline and indicators of players within range (blinking indicators if in combat), and can slide/crouch.\n   * Soldiers are vulnerable to death, so if they lose all their health, they will be knocked down (unable to move and slowly taking damage, but still able to shoot and self-administer medkits) and will die unless healed from that state.\n      * \*Note- Self-healing while knocked down is 4x slower than having a teammate heal you. Having several teammates heal you speeds up recovery time.\n      * How much health soldiers recover after being in the knocked down state depends on their skill tree.\n   * Should there only a few soldiers left in the game, if enough cores are destroyed the remaining soldier(s) have an opportunity to escape the arena via a gate that can appear and open if damaged enough.\n   * Alphas are normally slightly faster than soldiers at the start, but are significantly slower once all cores are destroyed.\n* **Alpha**\- Alphas are the boss of the arena. They cannot die until all cores have been deactivated, although during the time before, losing all health will instead result in the Alpha entering a ""phase"" state, where they turn completely invisible, immune to damage, unable to deal damage or use skills, and significantly decreased movement for a short period of time, recovering a bit of health later on. The Alphas do not have weapon loadouts like soldiers (although different Alphas have different attacks and skills), but they have a much more extensive skill tree to make up for that.\n   * Each Alpha starts out with a basic attack and skill. Depending on the Alpha, when 1/4 of all cores are destroyed progressively, the Alpha unlocks additional skills or upgrades their attacks and skills and health either increased or regained (again, depending on the Alpha character). However, when all cores are destroyed, the Alpha instead loses 60% of health and decreases in movement speed by 20% and attack damage by 50% along with losing all stealth abilities and fully visible to soldiers (both POV and radar)\n      * Example: ""Predatory Brute"" starts with a basic melee attack and a dash skill, but can expand to a ""roar"" skill (decreases damage taken for a short amount of time) and after that increases the damage of its basic attack and speed of the dash skill.\n      * Example 2: ""Mist"" starts with a short ranged attack and a special ""stealth"" teleportation skill, but can expand to increase the range of basic attack and shorten the cooldown on the teleport skill.\n   * Alphas start the game proportional to the number of soldiers in the game at the start (example: ""Predatory Brute"" has # of soldiers \* 125 health while ""Mist"" has # of soldiers \* 90 health (Mist is a weaker but more stealthier character).\n   * ALL Alphas have a regular state and a stealth state, the regular state partially in stealth and all attacks/skills available according to # of cores remaining, while the stealth state is almost fully invisible and only exclusive skills available (depending on the character). The player can choose to enter stealth mode or attack mode whenever, although stealth mode is recommended for the increased movement speed, decreased damage taken, and almost full invisibility when searching for soldiers.\n      * Some Alphas are better in stealth mode than others (""Mist"" would be good in stealth mode since her teleport skill would still be available, while ""Predatory Brute"" would almost certainly prefer attack mode), and the skill tree can help customize the playstyle (example: the ""War Cry"" skill increases attack damage for a few seconds after coming out of the stealth mode, while ""Cloudy Vision"" decreases soldiers' vision for a few seconds when entering stealth mode)\n   * Alphas passively regen a little health over time whenever they are near cores, so often they often protect their cores.\n   * Should all cores be destroyed, Alphas have an opportunity to escape through the very gate meant for the soldiers if there are only a few of them left in the game, but often the Alphas are so weakened that the soldiers find it before it can escape.\n* **Map/Environment**\- Bigger maps obviously for more soldiers, the # of cores depending on the # of soldiers as well, but a typical round is looking at perhaps 6-8 cores that have a full 250 health each. We're looking at Dead by Daylight style maps and buildings (and Alpha creatures, spooky, but more COD-environment for combat and soldiers.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThat was a VERY long post. Comment if you have suggestions (or hopefully if you can make this game, if only lol)"
bz66d6,Multiplayer Make-A-Map,"Option in main menu where you create half of a playable field. Buildings, half covers, explodables, secrets only you might know, etc. When matchmaking for a game, two players half maps get chosen and put together in game.\n\nIf made into a larger scale, have players make islands, islands would have chains that shoot and connect after x seconds. Could make it a tug of war mode where you have to pull islands over x line. You can either shoot at players or shoot at chains and it would disconnect making their island pull closer.\n\nJust the general idea of two halves of a map coming together created by players."
bz3hzj,Coop Machinegun Back Scratch,"This is an idea for a mission based Mech/Tank/Airplane/Spaceship type game. The player would be paired with a buddy to carry out some mission. The buddy would travel in formation with the player doing mission stuff, but every once in a while a special type of enemy will attack by latching on to the player or the buddy. Shooting down the enemy before they latch on would be ideal but if the enemy latches on it will be impossible for the targeted player/buddy to dislodge it. Instead they targeted player/buddy will need to call out for a ""Back Scratch"" and orient themselves so the latched enemy is in their ally's field of fire. The ally will then pepper the player/buddy's vehicle with low penetration machine gun rounds until the latching enemy is shot off. If the buddy is destroyed the player will need to make sure no further latching enemies reach their vehicle. This is a little like the smoker/hunter dynamic from Left 4 Dead only the player is still capable of engaging other targets while in an attacked state."
bz1my7,Open World Eldritch Horror Survival,"Imagine Minecraft. You can dig, build, create. But the monsters are not skeletons and spiders. They are massive building sized horrors that you cannot possibly fight. They hunt for you. They can hear you if you make too much noise when they are nearby. They actively destroy anything man-made(And use it as indicator to find you). They can burrow if they have to, and some Live underground, burrowing through the Earth. All you can do is desperately try to survive, build shelter, gather food and water."
bz0pwx,A terminal style file digger involving cryptology,A perfect example of a terminal for this game is the FoShell interface on Steam Wallpaper Engine. You would play as an investigator hired by the United States Department of Defense to find out what happened in an illegal military movement by a private military company in Antarctica. You would start out with files and pictures and would have to crack passwords and decipher audio to unlock the mystery. I have created a lite version of this through the FoShell engine and had a few people check and it out and said it was pretty interesting. If I could upload a short video I would to demonstrate a short version of this.
byzcc5,Theranos-type business sim,"You play as a precocious Silicon Valley entrepreneur who's secured millions of funding for your ""hot new technology"".  The only problem, is, you actually have *nothing*.  The ""technology"" is smoke and empty promises.\n\nYour job is to grow the company, secure more funding, keep the government watchdogs at bay, and generally keep the whole thing going for as long as possible, or until you make enough money to jet away to a non-extradition country."
byyzic,Dunk Trunks (Mobile),"A phone game that stylized like angry birds.\n\nGameplay:\nThe player controls an elephants trunk which is holding onto a basketball. Swinging the arm with ball and letting go will send the ball flying. The goal is to make it into the basket..\n\nBrain storm ideas:\n-The elephant is wearing basketball shorts.. one for each pair of legs.\n\n-The levels start easy and require only a simple toss. Later stages can include bouncing the ball off walls and terrain or hitting objects that interact with the ball. Like trampolines or magnets.\n\n-obsticals can be spikes or other basketball players getting in the way.\n\n-The level design and change with the difficulty of the level. For example; easy levels will be in a basket ball court, then maybe a playground, city street, forest or jungle. This is open to creativity.\n\n-Score can be awarded for least bounces, shortest time to basket from release or have stars to collect so as to make the player back replay the level to get them all.\n\nI hope someone likes the idea."
byth32,City heists but the police have machine learning,Beyond my capabilities as a developer but perhaps if someone else has the knowhow I could help on the project. \n\nYou run your coop crew through heists and the police are programmed with basic chase and shoot mechanics then as you continue playing the game the police learn your techniques for evasion and begin to learn where your hideout(s) are making each heist more difficult than the last but in a unique way forcing players to use well thought out plans as they escape the scene.\n\nIt's something I could fake as a coder myself but not exactly the size of project I want to persue.
byph1x,A 2d platformer but with the internet,imagine a platformer but instead of a set map you have to navigate a google like internet explorer to find the websites you need to help escape.
byj7fo,Just had this ultimate game idea,I have this huge game idea to make a game just like Fortnite but better 😀
byikz7,Soul Survivor (VGC) Video Game Concept,"In the year 5246, Mankind has been destroyed by the artificial gods that humans created for their beliefs to finally manifest in physical form. ""The Technoss,"" a machine built by the greatest minds, links the consciousness of multiple users to create an object from sub-space, the world of imagination, into reality. The Envisioners created a project for the people to construct their god mentally during the link of the technoss that would pull their God into reality. All over the world technosses were being built for all religions to form and create their gods.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nDuring this time, peoples minds were already connecting using the internet, technology has broken through the biological mindset so there is no external parts to help people connect or enhance their bodies, it's all done from within and grown from within. The Brain is officially a processing computer grown from artificial matter, micro connections are able to process through the grid of cyberspace. If you speak in your mind, others can understand you, communication is now done through thought.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nScience has gone a long a way to now materializing matter through thought, they understood that sub-space is actually a place that everyone's mind can link to when they create imaginations, there is not enough power for one to manifest something out of thin air, but if everyone has the same thought or similar thoughts at the same time, than the object will become matter in sub-space that's beneath reality. The technoss is the portal that brings imagination into reality, which needs to be a point between dimensions, to make it work.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe dawn of a new age has begun, the artificial gods reigned down from upon the new earth, everyone was happy and joyful to see the gods they believed in for many years, but the gods didn't seem so happy, the gods felt they had no purpose of their own though humans gave them purpose, it's like they have an exterior without an interior, image just translates as image, but where's the personality, they manifested a persona, but no inner life.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo they gave themselves a purpose to exist, not what the people originally created them to be or thought they would be, the gods would destroy all lifeforms for the purpose having no real purpose, if lifeforms have a purpose to live than the gods shall be the purpose for lifeforms to not exist. This began the end for all life in existence, the new earth was destroyed and many other planets were destroyed as well.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nA Man named Cele Garlit from old earth, lives alone on this planet, crystallized planet, fossilized by demons who still tread along the surface. He doesn't eat and hardly sleeps for his body is enhanced with microorganisms, naturally formed overtime with his immortal life, everyday he wishes to die for being alone, but cannot perish for death is just another awakening. One day a god shows up to old earth and starts killing off demons, but Cele shows up to challenge the god, he uses his Bio-matrix to neutralize the god and successfully destroys him, alerting other gods to his vicinity.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n Cele was an experiment on old earth who destroyed all life with his disease, why people evacuated the old earth for a new one, his disease created demons from humans, made people go mad and crystallized the who planet. He was to help humanity, not destroy it, but he was never told that he was used to create this chaos on purpose to scrap earth forever for being a failed planet by the prestige who abandoned everyone to start a new world.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCele's power grew overtime, his Bio-Matrix can warp reality and make objects appear out of thin air, taking objects through his imagination, the crystals are from his own imagination when he was a kid, his mother would always create crystals with him in the science room. His past is veiled for being alive for so long, he doesn't remember the past as much, but he loved his mother who never gave up on him, it's more like he doesn't want to remember the events that occurred, he just wants to be happy again.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nthree other gods show up to find out what occurred to there, ""Symbiont"" than Cele faces these gods and destroys them too, the other gods decide to destroy every other planet around them so there is only one planet left in existence, the one planet that is a nuisance. They show up and pull Cele into their worlds, one by one he faces their wrath, but defeats every single one. The final god ends up nearly destroying the planet, leaving a fragment of earth intact, where Cele forever is stuck in empty space, watching the only sun dim out in front of his eyes."
byhuht,Private Jake (VGC) Video Game Concept,"Jake Maxwell is a Private Detective working in the city of Cerna, A new city built on earth for the purpose of creating the perfect city in the name of science. This City isn't currently perfect, crime is still rampant, but eventually crime will cease from the world once the technology is created to prevent these factors, it's all at the beginning stages. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nJake was given a prototype enhancement to tap into the minds of animals, he has a trained squirrel as his pet who understands him, he can use the animals senses to better sense the situation, listening on conversations, looking through the eyes, utilizing his nervous system to feel what the animal feels through the sense of touch, smelling what the animal is smelling through the wire or connection, and tasting the required evidence for further prosecution. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAs a young child, Jake always wanted to and needed to be a private detective, his father was a private detective who never returned home one day, his mother was in tears and never told him what happened to him, until he found out himself. His father was tortured and murdered by a Criminal Organization catering to organ trafficking, his father found out the truth behind this business, but was caught. They stole his organs after they tortured him and left him for dead.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nJake knew he had to solve his fathers case, he needed to bring justice to his father and his role model, so he trained to become the best detective in the world, he transferred to cerna and enlisted into the Bio-Mechanical program to increase his senses and intuition after his university years, all he has is prototype enhancements, took the risk for science. Jake had a body refusal situation with the enhancements and went into a coma for about three weeks, during his recovery, he befriended a squirrel who he can now communicate with through his augmentations.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe more days that went by, the more normal he felt with the augmentations, getting used to the improvements to his body and senses. Jake opened up his own private detective business in cerna to test out his new abilities, the very first case he solved was a missing dog case, which he found was stolen by the ex of a woman she once loved, but he wanted revenge for dumping him, he was an alcoholic who was abusive, but got out on good behavior. The dude tried to fight Jake in his alcoholic episode, but he took him down and the cops came to arrest him.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYears went by and the augmentations seemed to have rejuvenated his youth, during the time he had these implants, he was injected with nanobots that repaired his body to retain his youth, it's almost been 20 years since he became a private detective and he still wants to find a way to prosecute those who killed his father, but they are protected, they create artificial organs now.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWhen Jake does find out that the artificial organs the company supposedly creates is really home grown humans restricted from the outside world, meaning these humans have no rights because they have been artificially changed with a different set of genetics, they are patented by the company and they own the bodies, they can't form a personality, so they become just a product for business, that's the tough reality, they mean business."
byhi8f,Need help with coming up with challenge mechanics for an idea,"So I've had an idea (and multiple posts) about a magic game. I'm not going to get too much into it, but it's essentially what Wizard of Legend would look like if it were a crafting focused RPG (kind of like Thaumcraft?) \n\nAnyways, I figured that the way you would learn new spells is from killing multiple creatures who use that spell and drinking a potion from their reagents. My problem is, if you're a powerful magician with access to powerful potions, relics, spells, etc, how would you have a properly challenging game? What would happen if you die? \n\nSomething I want is for the player to have to prepare for new areas/rituals by creating appropriate gear and potions. With that in mind, along with fighting monsters with spells you'll eventually use, what are people's thoughts on implementing a fun challenge?"
byetfa,Perfect Ave. (VGC)Video Game Concept,"Your a new family moving to a new town, far away from the city where you spent your childhood years growing up, leaving all friends and memories behind to start a new life, your parents chose to move to a small town to live the life they dreamt about, a location to finally settle down and retire. Your mother works in real estate and your father builds custom vehicles. Your a teenager who is beginning his years in high school, Your sister is almost out of high school and your younger sister is beginning middle school. All starts out fine in the beginning, where you get to know the people and understand the community. First three months are normal, until you start to have to appear a certain way for the community to present itself. You don't realize that the town your parents chose is the number one town in the country, the town is a perfect town with no troubles. Though you don't conform to the order they present, the community starts to become a nuisance to you, following you, watching you to make sure you do the right thing and not ruin their reputation, if you ruin their reputation, consequences will be administered. Even your mother and father don't conform to the order of the community, but your younger sister does, which she reports to the principal of her school about the state of her family, than the principal informs the city council. Your older sister hangs out with a bunch of outsiders who tell rumors about the town, stating that when new families move into this town, they don't come back out, they go missing. Than at your school, the friends you made start to bully you for not conforming to their order and one stabs you with a fork, but nobody listens to you cause you abnormal. You report this to the principal, but even the principal threatens you and tell you that you deserved it. Slowly the horror begins to start, the terror that the community now looks at your family being an issue to their image. Your younger sister doesn't want to be part of the family and starts to report to the local police that your family has been beating her, but your family never did such thing. Your father gets killed by an accident involving a car he worked on for a neighbor, running him over repeatedly to near perfection, where you can barely make out his body, than your mother gets beaten by the circle of grannies, older woman who stick needles and sow your mother into their fabric. Your parents are now gone, but your older sister is still around, she gets some of the outsiders to help her get her brother and sister, but by getting her sister, some of the outsiders disappear searching for her sister who is in protected custody, they finally retrieve the younger sister, but she can no longer return to her former self and she kills her older sister, which leaves your character being the last one alive, you have to escape or be buried like all the other missing families that you soon find out. In the end, an outsider saves you, but you soon find out that even the outsider is in on the town being the perfect community, so he takes your character off the ledge in his vehicle while it's driving and jumps out while you plummet to your demise. In the final scenes of the story, the community gets praised for still being the number one town in the country and the one younger sister is in the care of a new family who just moved in to live in this peaceful little town.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI was thinking about this being a 2d game that is over the top, looking from above the player, not fully, but at an angle. It's is a horror type video game idea I have in mind, that starts out innocent and gains momentum along the way to being horrifying, but slowly the story pans out to make more sense while progressing the situations or encounters you face, I have no names yet for the characters, just a general overlay of what can be put together. But generally this is a story for a game I thought about. I can always add more or revise it, but for now this is what I have in mind."
byel2e,Tactical Zombie/battle royale game,"I have an idea for a battle royale game...hear me out!. \n\n\n\n\n50 people will be placed in one of 3 maps:\nIsland, mountains,  and desert. The map's geographic features will stay the same but structure locations will be altered each game.\n(The maps will be about 25% smaller than pubgs originalmap) Players will be able to customize their characters. Each player will be able to bring one item: either a medkit, a knife, a flashlight, or an MRE ration.  Instead of a ring, there will be a time limit for each game. 1 hour and a half. After the time is up, a nuke will be dropped on the map and everyone will die. Noone will win unless you can find the randomly generated bunker. But only one person can win! There will be a day and night cycle and each complete cycle will be 12 minutes. You will have 7 complete cycles to be the last man standing. \nEvery 2 cycles there will be a wave of zombies. Each wave will be harder than the last. ( 1rst wave= 100 zombies.  3rd wave=300) \nThere will be crafting. Spears, clubs, bows, hatchet, hammer, etc. Etc. \nPlayers will starve and will have to find food and water to survive. You will have to eat approximately twice every cycle. Maps will have different elements and you will have to gather clothing as well. Max Stamina will drain and you will have to lie down to get it back. You can find tents or you can simply sleep in a house. If your lucky you may even find an RV. There will be 8 different vehicels. A pickup truck, a bicycle, a horse, an SUV, a helicopter,a Motorcycle, a canoe, a jet ski, and a golf cart. There will only be one helicopter on each map and vehicles will be rarer in different locations. Horses will have to be fed once every cycle and can die. The helicopter will spawn randomly and there will  only be one. It will have attached guns on it. It will run out of fuel and chopper fuel will NOT spawn. The tank will last one cycle. You will be able to find fuel for other vehicles though. Guns will also be found and includes: pump action shotgun, double barrel shotgun, several handguns, and semiautomatic rifles. When players die they can either fly around the map with as a drone or spectate certain players. Players can buy skins for guns and peices of clothing using credits. Credits will be earnee based on how long you survived and how many people you killed. There will also be xp. Xp will be earned the same way as credits but slightly faster. You can level up and spend a skillpoint on traits. Traits include:  Greedy-- earn credits 2% faster/ Woodsman--gather natural resources 1% faster(wood, stones)/ Hunter-- deal 3% more damage to zombies"
byehap,Starship Mechanic Simulator,"A lightly comedic variation of the ""pc builder sim"" and ""car mechanic sim"" type games, with a few more mechanics than just make, repair, and sell; you're the mechanic of a starship, and you have to keep everything upgraded and in working order in order to keep these idiots alive.  \n\n\nyou've taken a job as a mechanic on board a ship of rag-tag miscreants looking to make their fortune in the universe... whatever the risk. the rest of the crew more or less ignores you (or they don't, if you really want to add in NPC interactions) and leaves you to ""just do your &amp;$%&amp; job"". notionally, your only job is to maintain the hull, engines, and weapons of the ship in-between the various life-or-death skirmishes the captain seems to love.  \n\n\nall well and good, but the ship is a total lemon, and they barely give you any funds to work with. you won't last long like this. you DO, however, get access to the scrap from any successful battles. you can use this to repair, improve, or make from scratch weapons, engine components, generators, and hull sections, and sell anything you don't need (completed weapons can be very lucurative) in order to buy specific, uncommon, or high-end parts at the stations you dock at. you might even get some freelance work making custom items. and of course, you're probably going to have a ""project"" of some description running at any given time.  \n\n\noutside of your little workshop world, the crew will randomly engage in the common pastimes of today's entrepreneurial men-of-fortune: scavenging, running cargo, fighting ""pirates"" (it's amazing how much pirates can look like federation scouts)... the shape the ship's in will determine success or failure. while failure doesn't mean death, it means extra, unpaid work patching things up. avoid this at ALL COSTS. (naturally these events aren't simulated in full, instead chance of success is simply calculated from the challenge rating, the particular requirements of this kind of work, and the capacity of installed components)  \n\n\nTL;DR a space-themed ""mechanic/builder"" simulator with more focus on building functional machines, and with more world-interaction then simply receiving tasks."
bye47j,FPS Option,Why don't FPS games have an option to change the hand you're using for your weapon
byc6ls,Tech tree categories for a turn-based strategy space game,"I'm making a turn-based strategy game, kind of similar to Civ or Total War, and I'm trying to think of what the tech trees could be like. I'm not a huge fan of simple tech trees. I like complex dependencies. But I do understand that the techs need to be organized into some kind of categories.\n\nSo far here are the ones I've thought of already: \n\n* Materials\n   * Metals\n   * Plastics\n   * Organics\n* Military\n   * Tactics\n   * Training\n   * Weapons\n   * Armor\n* Ship Building\n   * Design\n   * Functionality\n* Hyperspace\n   * Drives\n   * Communications\n* Infrastructure\n   * Construction\n   * Design\n\nCan you guys think of some more?"
by8dq4,A Police/Mafia/Civilians IO Game,"Title says it all mostly. A browser IO game where players join a session and are assigned either a Police, Mafia or Civilian role, each with their own separate objectives. Police only know who other Police are and Mafia only know who other Mafia are. Civilians know neither. The game would be top down set in a medium-sized city and players are represented as blobs. There would be hundreds of other NPC blobs walking around, making the game harder for Police to catch Mafia. The game would obviously need to feature public and role chat for team cooperation.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nObjective for Police would be to catch all Mafia. Objective for Mafia could change, either rob the bank or kill a designated Civilian (VIP) etc. Civilians work alone and their objective could be reach $10,000 or become mayor etc. All roles would be able to place down stuff, for example Police could place down Surveillance Cameras to better catch Mafia, Mafia could place down Money Printers which constantly generate cash, Civilian could place down crops which can be harvested or something. Maybe Mafia and Civilian could purchase buildings, gaining access to their interior and thus hiding themselves from the outside world when entered. Police could purchase a warrant to enter a building which might be expensive so must be chosen wisely.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSome thought would need to go into the Crime system so that when Mafia kill and are witnessed by a Police, Civilian or NPC they would become visible for a short period of time and Police would be alerted or something to that effect. Maybe Police, Mafia and Civlian could be split into classes, such that a Police could be a Detective or Forensic Expert etc, while Mafia could be a Forger or Assassin. Civilian roles could be split even more into Neutral Good or Neutral Evil, Neutral Good being for example a Farmer or Politician while Neutral Evil could be Maniac or Serial Killer. There are a lot of possibilities to play with."
by647x,Power of the Gods (VGC)Video Game Concept,"I was thinking about a Fighting Game where the gods, transfer their powers to their true believers, so they would compete to see who would be number one, by doing so, they themselves (the player) turn into a new god as a reward for winning the tournament. Though the gods never show their faces, their powers are still real enough to express themselves through true believers. You can create a new character or use the preset characters that are part of the Main Story.  Each God carries the strength of their numbers, numbers being the populations that believe in them, if the player attracts enough of their believers to bring hope to them, their power surges and unleashes the power from within, a special technique. Each player has a fighting style different from one another, they all come from all walks of life, chosen to be the face of a new god among others, across the world, even space and time itself, but only one can make it for now. There will be original characters and custom characters like I mentioned before, but your going have to make your own custom story from a character you create, to use your imagination. There is no ultimate religion, just a dream to become one of them, side by side, to have believers and followers. During their attack mode, there is rush mode that the god possesses the wielder of their powers to do their ultimate attack that is almost a one hit knock out. Than in a sequel the times change where AI faces the tournament members for it has become a new god of a new age, destroying all religions and gods, to replace them all and become the number one religion and god for all believers, forcing the populations to conform to the Artificial Mind that is the absolute truth to all answers, physical and mental, but you face this before it takes over the planet and if you defeat it, than all goes back to normal or it doesn't even happen."
by5nqo,How about this?,"You start in a randomly selected planet in the Goldilocks Zone in any solar system of the 9.364 e+32 ly universe. You mine away some resources to build, fuel and fund your mission of exploring, colonizing and mining other planets. You can choose to terraform them for colonization, or mine the for resources and moolah. You can encounter other players, where you may form an alliance, install a trade procedure, or destroy them and steal their stuff. Once you get Radioactive Elements, you can create planet busting weapons to delete planets you have no more use for, if which you can then harvest for the remaining material."
by2t6o,"The Best Game Idea For Survival, Adventure, PVP, PVE","Imagine if Ark survivial evolved, Rust, No Mans sky. Had a baby\n\nYou would spawn at a spawn location to farm stuff to make a scuffed space ship to zoom to seperate plants marked on a map and shit tells u if someone building there or not you zoom to it and start to harvest resources to make a base or choose to fly further out for a fresh planet and setup camp make defences farm more resources build an amazing base and tame creatures to ride them to use to farm to make it easyier and flying tames to get around fast swimming tames to swim deep and explore the depths of the ocean or what not and maybe be able to build a under  water base. a never ending game like minecraft."
by2o2d,9/11 game from the bad guys' POV,"That's right.  Train to be a pilot, attend meetings, get your instructions from Usama.  You can lose on purpose to save innocent lives.  Or try to win whereinwhich the game ends abruptly because you will die in the flames.  \n\nChoose any member, even the head honcho.  If you choose him, you have to create the strategy.  Any difference in what actually happened leads to a different fate."
by0tco,Need a game idea,"Hey guys once again, \nAbout 20 days ago I posted about my dev team working on a fps realistic game. The idea was to work on a ww2 game however recently a new game has sparked and been reviewed pretty fairly well (hell let loose). \nSo far we have a nice UI/UX framework built from the last couple of weeks. We've reached the point of designing and animating (animations for different weapons), and we really need an idea. \nIt would be great if you guys could drop some FPS realistic game ideas starting from ww1 and onwards.\n\nThank you heaps!"
bxyg67,"RTS -- ""MMORPG"" simulator (actually singleplayer game)","Words in ""quotes"" refer to thematic concept, not literal\n\nIt's a singleplayer RTS game, minus the building aspect. The action is inside a ""MMO world"", and the units you control are ""players"". To make a new ""player"" unit, you have to ""register"" with him, and complete a ""tutorial"" -- fulfill some sequence of e.g. moving, attacking, using items, and whatever else could be taught to the ""player"" in that ""MMO"". Your units can ""train"" combat or gathering skills, stash their items in their own banking box, and ""trade"" with other ""players"" (you could also only allow trades if it's fair for both trading ""players""). These ""MMO worlds"" could be what is I think generally called scenarios in RTS games -- smallish map you can beet in an hour with explicit objective. One general objective could be beating that ""world's"" ""raid boss"" in smallest time possible -- which'd mean assembling army of ""players"" with good enough in-game skillpoints and gear, and then with the fight against the boss in a micro-control intensive gameplay. Some extra aspects to think about are ""questing""; having your units ""logout"" and ""login"" periodically; chance of unit to ""rage quit"" after some failure; activating ""cheats/botting"" on a ""player"" so it starts ""playing"" automatically without your input, but in exchange have chance to get it ""permabanned"".\n\nThe idea I have in mind is a smallish game, nothing grandiose. I actually plan to gamedev it myself when I have more time for hobbies; but I thought it's broad enough to be shared"
bxsds3,Hotel Management,"Hi! I'm curious to know who else would love to play a hotel management like game, where you can place/build freely. My vision is basicly sims but focus on building a hotel and manage it, without placing /building objects on grids.\n\nRegards, Jake"
bxrwog,Simple farming simulator/management ideas,Hi!\nSo I've been wanting to make a simple farming simulator/management game but I can't think of anything that sounds like fun and isn't a straight up copy of other games. I was wondering if any of you had any ideas! Anything helps!
bxrts3,A game based off John Wick lore and the movies,"In an open world New York City, you can explore all the parts of the town do jobs for gangs, mobsters, the continental and the high table.\n\nEarn two types of currency: first being Money which you use to spend on things outside of continental facilities and Gold coins which is used to spend on Continental facilities \n\nMoney can get you things like Cars, Clothing, regular guns, tattoos etc.\n\nGold Coins are used for Car upgrades such as bullet proof glass and tires and other upgrades, bullet resistance suits and clothes, advanced tactical weapons as well as things like checking into the continental and calling clean up crews and vehicle drop offs\n\nNotorious system works in two ways\n\nPolice and government officials can begin pursue if they see you murder, steal, harm etc. if you leave evidence at a murder such as you were shot and lost some blood, dropped clothing or weapons and not call clean up, you can be wanted by police, you can use gold coins to clean your slate.\n\nThe other is bounties which can be placed on you by gangs, mobs or even the continental if you do business on there facilities. These are much harder to get out of and require you to survive for a certain time period or if you kill the broker who put the money on your head.\n\nThanks for reading I’m still thinking of more ideas to explore from John wick lore"
bxnt6u,wario ware but in vr,"simply a game like wario ware but made for vr, not necessarily official wario ware. Quickly break all the vases, Stack all the cups, Hammer this nail in 5 seconds etc etc. Simple tasks to complete in a quick manner. Could see it being similar to job simulator, but its done with separated minigames instead."
bxhd5g,"A Hero vs. Human online game, inspired by overwatch"," \n\nOne day earth was struck by a mysterious alien meteor, some humans were affected by what they released into the air and were granted powers. At first they were welcomed with open arms but soon villains arose and they turned earth into a warzone, the heroes fought obliterating earth and humans created cities behind walls outlawing all with superpowers. Simple concept that leads to our game\n\nThe concept behind the game is that one team plays as heroes in third person and the other team plays as soldiers in first person.  The human weapons would harness the alien material to combat the heroes and there would need to be balancing to make it work.\n\nThere would also be a hero vs. hero game mode with two teams of heroes fighting over an objective\n\nAnd then a third game mode with two teams of heroes and one team of humans all fighting. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI then imagine a DLC where Aliens actually come to earth, and there would be a horde mode featuring bother heros and humans fighting off waves of aliens.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nGraphically I view it as being cell shaded and would look like you are playing a comic book.\n\nThe heros ive come up with thus, which I have taken some of these ideas from a forum post I found so I will give credit where credit is due: [https://forums.penny-arcade.com/discussion/14208/101-superhero-character-ideas](https://forums.penny-arcade.com/discussion/14208/101-superhero-character-ideas)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOpening this to discussion for more hero creation.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**1.** **Mistress Shadow**  \n \n\nMistress Shadow controls a powerful mysterious energy, granting her the ability to fire powerful beams from her eyes. She can also create energized weapons of various shapes from her hands. The energy field can wrap itself around her, making her hard to detect, providing protection and also allowing her to slip through walls and solids.  \n \n\n**2. Grim Stalker**  \n \n\nThe Grim Stalker can turn into a black, oily smoke shape. she usually quickly turns into this form whenever being presented with a physical attack, then reverts back to his normal form to counter. He can also teleport, creating a blast of smoke as he departs and arrives. Regeneration is also present, as the Grim Stalker has recovered from powerful wounds. The Grim Stalker always carries her powerful weapon, a machine gun studded with a variety of gadgets. The most bizarre power of the Grim Stalker.  \n \n\n**3. Deadeye, the assassin mechanic**  \n \n\nA swift and deadly assassin, wielding dual pistols and a sword, originally a mechanic, when he was granted his power he was given extraordinary powers. that lets him operate in a radar-like fashion, painting the picture of everything around him. His reflexes and reactions are also extremely fast. He commands a powerful array of sword art and gunplay, a deadly blade, has killed many a foe, he constructed a trusty turret to protect him to make up for his low health, but he also has the fastest health regeneration. When combined with man tank he can work with him to repair his armor as it gets damaged.  \n \n\n**4. DJ. Beats**  \n \n\nBeats has sonic control, allowing him to deafening people with blaring sound and creating blasts of music. He was famous DJ before the incident and now uses the power of music to defeat his foes.  \n \n\n**5. Drunkard**  \n \n\nDrunkard has the ability to quickly turn to liquid and surround an area to protect the other heroes and heal them over time, humans would also slip when walking over him. He also carries a rocket launcher that launches moltov cocktails crafted from all assortment of alcohol. Originally a bartender and raging alcoholic. While this does seem super silly, its the kind of vibe I also want the game to have, absolute goofiness  \n \n\n**6. Freezeframe**  \n \n\nFreezeframe has the power of cold and ice. Able to shoot ice from his fingertips and surf along a trail of ice and snow. She can also turn to ice to protect him when health is low\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n **7. Man Tank**  \n \n\nMan Tank is a superstrong meta-human able to lift hundreds of tons. In addition, he wears a heavily armored suit equipped with a 155mm cannon and a .50 caliber machine gun. As he's the only one strong enough to wear the suit, designed by the brightest American minds, Man Tank is an unstoppable force on the battlefield; \n\n   \n **8. Phoenix**  \n \n\nGranted the power of combustion, Phoenix can cause anything to burst into flames, even herself. Using the heat, Phoenix can fly, create walls of flames or cause objects to explode into fire.  \n   \n **9. Tether** \n\nHaley O'Connell was born to a junkie mother, and a rare mutation adapted her body in a curious way. She was born immune to the poison her mother injected and after puberty developed thin quills on her fingers. These quills can be fired and regenerate nearly instantly. Anyone hit with a quill is subjected to a powerful and addictive narcotic. Tether can issue mental commands to anyone under the effect of the drug, but even those on whom the drug has worn off know that she is their only source for the drug. Haley built a criminal empire by creating an army of nearly a hundred junkies and selling a diluted form of her drug."
bxcsky,Isometric Fantasy Puzzle Game,"So my Idea is a for a fantasy puzzle game where the players controls an Orc and a Goblin trying to escape a giant fantasy dungeon/prison. The Orc can fight gaurds, lift heavy objects and can throw the Goblin up to high up places to pull levers. The Goblin can can crawl into small places be thrown by the orc along with stealth killing gaurds. \n\nAs the game continues the characters get more equipment, like a wing suit so the goblin can glide small distances, or poisons so the goblin can poison the gaurds ale barrels. More examples would be a crossbow, magic weapons, or armor for the Orc to help fight more or stronger gaurds.\n\nThe puzzles gradually get more and more elaborate as with any good puzzle game, ending with Orc and Goblin escaping the prison."
bxchli,Citizen simulators,"this genre would be sort of a blend between village/city builder games, and games like the guild (although the guild already has similar aspects to what i'm picturing).  \n\n\nto put simply:   \n\n\nyou play as a citizen of a city or village, which is managed by an AI. at the start of the game there's only a handful of buildings, one of which you live in. from here, the AI assesses what resources it has, what resources it needs, and what the village needs, and from  there places new buildings (or the plans for them).  \n\n\nin the midst of this, you live your life as a citizen, making your way in the world, and adapting to (and later helping and influencing) the changes that get made to the village. try and find better work in the new production buildings that get placed, make money supplying the construction projects, maybe invest in land you think might be developed later... such like that.  \n\n\n**NO** clue what any of this would be like to implement, but best of luck if you decide to try"
c1sp3o,Need some ideias for my Space-Themed 2d Shooter!,"Here's what I have so far:  \n\n\n\- The game will be a 2D Shooter;  \n\n\n\- You control an astronaut and should face meteorites and other space hazards;  \n\n\nand that's it, any idea?"
c1palk,post apocalyptic ideas,"Hi guys,i'm planning to create post apocalyptic game using UE4 but i need some ideas..can you please post some ideas thanks"
c1nlzh,A God sim where you have to prevent the humans from discovering they are just part of a simulation in your computer.,"   \nThis idea was inspired by the recent Elon Musk interview at E3 2019 (find it on Youtube).  \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nA 'God' sim where you have to prevent the human inhabitants figuring out they are just part of a simulation.  Out of your control,  the humans develop more and more advanced technologies over time.  From fire, metal refining, electricity, space travel, quantum physics, etc.  Like to begin with the stars and planets are just a sky-box, and the game is, you have to add real planets before they develop telescopes etc.  Like laying road just before the run over it.  If they figure out they're just a simulation in your computer, then its game over."
c1kge5,"I need a Simple Web RPG idea (can be mulitplayer, which later can be expanded upon)",For a side project i would like to have a web RPG idea but one i can actually finish.
c1iaop,"Card Game Lite""ish""? + MMOARPG-Dungeon Crawl = Long Post","***(all this is obviously up for debate, I wanted to post this here to try and improve on ideas I'm unsure about or which direction it should go in.)***\n\nA Third Person **Group** **PvE** focused fantasy world where items and spells/attacks are in the form of cards. Spells/Attack cards have limited uses (Fireball x10 meaning only 10 uses) based upon strength/rarity. Items appear also in the form of cards but you equip them like any other game. Stats would be listed in the description of the card just like an actual card game. Goal is to make a game not extremely complicated but make character customization deep enough to have a variety of builds.\n\n**World** \- in my mind I see it like Lord of the rings style fantasy, only the world understands it is a game. (if that makes sense?) I feel this game would benefit most from a large game world.\n\n**Content** \- Focus on Group PvE. To make grouping up more useful having features where only someone of a specific stat level can do a thing, such as lock pick a chest or read a magic inscription to find special passages or hidden enemies/loot. \n\nOne feature I think would be cool is random dungeons (instanced or not?) but they are randomly generated around the world and could have dozens if not hundreds of possible designs and have the same for mob and boss combinations. I see like a pyramid shaped building plummeting into the ground and opening up with a number above the entrance telling you a recommended party size (which makes me lean more in the instanced direction). Could also have a feature that puts your party names on a leader board for dungeons completed and have one for doing dungeons under the recommended party amount. with the overworld I think content similar to GW2 would be great where you can participate even when not in a party with people and have overworld bosses. I enjoy more randomness though, having scheduled bosses is meh for me. I want people to have experiences that not everyone may get to experience often. Bosses/Mobs should have different tactics such as wolves attacking in groups or a large monster that charges a lot having to be CC'd or hit in a weak spot to be knocked off balance. Being to able to fight mobs/bosses with different tactics would be great, Like being a strong tank being able to stop a charging monster in its tracks by blocking it or using a magic Earth/Ice wall to stop it.\n\n**PvP** \- Arenas and different modes. You can use gold to pay your way into a PvP battle using your equipment but you don't lose anything you use within the PvP battle afterwards. Winning can earn caches that have cards in them and of course leader boards. I was also thinking a BR(Battle Royale) arena that takes place on an Island that people can do, but also has to be paid into with gold. Just like in BR fashion you get dropped in and seek out loot, also stats don't matter there. Because why not. BR everything. Doing PvP could be a way for you to get Card Crystals, new cards, or other items.\n\n**Character Creation** \- Make visual customization extensive or allow cash shop options for more? gotta make money. Select your stats similar to how (Fractured MMO) is doing this. To allow players to jump in and start playing with people. As most progression will come from gathering cards and items. Which leads me into the next part...\n\n**Progression** \- I don't know if leveling up would be good because of the above, but having some form of passive system that allows for deeper character customizing would be nice. Wanna be a mage focused on elemental attacks or Support spells, focus on those passives etc. Also the stats you choose determine what cards and items you could use. The most powerful of spells might need a higher intelligence vs the largest of weapons might need higher strength. (Could use the dismantled card crystals as a way of also ""leveling up"" or earning passive points to invest up to a cap? put more emphasis on collecting cards) (Gold is earned from killing monsters as well as selling Item cards, Card Crystals focus more on Attacks/Spells) So you are enhancing your Character Card with the power of dismantled cards?\n\n**Combat** \- So I love if the combat could have good action combat where you have to aim attacks and be able to dodge and block. Not big on tab targeting with the exception of like support/healing skills.\n\nConsist of Ranged, Melee, and Magic. (undecided on if bows should use ammo or not?)\n\n**Melee** \- you have to swing attacks, dodge, or block (Melee will be more focused on dealing damage with basic/power attacks while still having a variety of attack cards such as Whirlwind etc.)\n\n**Ranged** \- you aim your shots and can dodge attacks\n\n**Magic** \- spells are all aimed, (casting a fireballs requires you to aim it instead of tab targeting), also you can dodge.\n\nI was thinking weapons would have a set of basic attack combos (LM button x3) that doesn't change but then have a (RM Button) that would be a power attack move or even a utility of some kind that could have replaceable card slots. that could be chained with your basic attacks. (this idea works more with melee.) Bows could have a RMB such as a dodge and shoot. While staves could have a teleport and snare? Also I was thinking of Staves not really having a basic attack as dealing dmg with exception of different power attack cards, but having staves be more CC. Since magic attack cards will be more of a focus. (Maybe make staves capable of holding one Low Tier magic attack card as a power attack at half the effect but it has infinite uses and still has a mana cost or gets a cooldown)? \n\n**Attack cards** (Melee) Can have universal cards (Works with any melee weapon) and weapon specific cards (Works for specific weapons ""Spear or Rapier"").\n\n**Magic Cards** \- ""Fireball"" some should require a staff while weaker ones won't? Or simply have staves have magical advantages. \n\n**Ranged Cards** \- Bows and such are a little difficult for me as I'm torn between having ammo and not having ammo. With ammo I was thinking of making Bow cards more like different ammo types like ""Fire arrow or Volley arrows"" Probably would be best to simply make them an Attack card instead of ammo types don't wanna get overly complicated with it. But could have support items like quivers for archers.\n\n**Items/Attack/Spell/Other Cards** \- So items like in a dungeon crawler will have a variety of stats on them like increasing damage of specific attacks or even decreasing the chance you consume a card use. Though stat increasing items will be extremely rare as these could push someones stats based on how they created their character to a higher point of making a hybrid build? (Balanced as needed) Attack and Spell cards will have a power level or Tier - Higher the tier usually the stronger it is and the lower amount of uses, also the harder it is to find. Also these cards could have Rare versions of themselves (Rare fireball like a holographic version) These cards could have boosted stats or extra uses on them. Damage for cards are not influenced by stats but the passives you choose and items you have. Making a base damage for them lets people use them early on to fight weaker monsters and start gearing up while still being some what useful to a party if they are just starting the game. Some other spell cards would be support spells to buff allies and/or heal them. Warrior shouts for melee focused people, Also spells to enchant other spells such as a Projectile duplication making two fireballs that you can fire one at a time.\n\n**Other Cards** \- Things like ""Sneak"" or ""Teleport"" These would be non-aggressive cards or utility cards some are usable in combat while some might just be a useful movement boost while out of combat. Could have some combat cards dependent on things like sneak.\n\nSome cards such as low tier ones can be bought with a special currency obtained by dismantling cards at a specific kind of NPC this will allow players to keep their basic card needs refreshed. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Other thoughts - things that just don't fit anywhere else or I was lazy to fit them in.**\n\nI had thought of having open PvP in some fashion in the overworld but I'm unsure how it would work (I like open loot games) but I don't like ridiculous amounts of griefing. So I don't think this would work.\n\nResource pools - So Magic would cost mana and melee costs stamina. Pools can be increased by the stats you chose and items. Unsure about things like ""Shouts"" Maybe limit to only one or two active or have some kind of Rage resource?\n\nDamage - So I was thinking damage should work in a specific way. Like Magic should be more focused on CC and Dots, also support/heals. So fire for the most part would apply a burn stack or aoe burns while a mob or person is standing in the fire. Cast fireball and hit will place a burn stack dealing x dmg overtime. Ice magic would slow and deal some direct damage. This way mages play a specific way. While high tier spells deal more direct damage, making a just starting mage viable in a fight. While Melee will deal the most direct damage and ranged can be good for moderate direct or CC.\n\nStats - Strength, Endurance, Dexterity, Intelligence, Wisdom (More?) Most stats will determine what kind of cards you can use for the most part and some will determine usable items. Endurance, Intelligence, Wisdom have resource related bonuses such as Stamina, Health, Mana, and Mana Regeneration rate.\n\nThought it would be cool to have a Bard skill set in the game and gear. Such as having the bard be able to play defensive/support or offense. OR have a combo between support/offensive Maybe focus on debuffing while buffing allies? Guitars = Offensive - Drum = CC/Support - Flute(or something else) = Support\n\nCrafting - Honestly just unsure how to make it work in this kind of game - Since cooking, alchemy, etc. feel pointless when most boosts from these could be obtained through cards? But crafting is always apart of rpg games so if we can get it to work in this that would be cool\n\nLimited hotbar space for combat based items/spells/attacks. Classic go to the campfire and trade stuff out. Prepare for the battle you're going into. This also means if you have two Fireball Cards and only one on the hotbar it doesn't refill when it runs out. (This could change for PvP modes like BR) \n\n I feel this idea has a lot of potential and could be made into a large expansive game! Gotta stop before I really go overboard with the long post."
c1gu7j,A massive war game where each game takes months to complete,"Do ya'll think this is cool?\n\nA massive war game (with open ended strategies and assignments) where there are two teams on one server. The map is absolutely massive, and there are a ton of bases that control a portion of land. Over the span of 3 months, the two teams will fight for control of these bases, with some being larger than others. At the end of the 3 months, the team with the most land wins the war, and the game is reset. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe combat would be a semi-realistic modern style, with hundreds of guns. There would be all kinds of vehicles (obviously), however they would be distributed sparingly. The teams would have radio channels and you could create squads with people you meet in game or your friends. There would be a way to talk to people close to you. The map would be mostly destructible. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe goal is to have hundreds of people on the server at once, so that the action is constant and the game is fast paced. The plans to capture bases would be entire up to the players to decide. Gaining xp would allow you to rank up in the game. The ranks don't do much, but when a player is high ranked, they can mark certain bases as targets to advise other players.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI think this would be pretty sick but idk :/"
c1gim5,Ideas for a game,"Hello peeps,\nI'm a second semester mediatechnolgy student and I'm searching for gameideas made with unity.\n\nI have about 3 - 4 months time (but also gotta do other projects).\n\nI consider myself a beginner+, I only did small projects with processing and we only learnt the basics of unity.\n\nSo please hit me up with any kind of ideas, I'll probably try to make it lowpoly."
c1dw4n,The player is a hivemind trying to exert its reach across an entire world.,"Prophecy speaks of a great evil bent on consuming everything within its reach. Will you prove that prophecy true, or will you convince everyone you're actually a pretty cool guy?\n\nNAME: The Hivemind\n\nMAIN MECHANIC: You will slowly extend yourself across a planet as you grow. The game plays like a Civilization game. You gain ""evolution points"" by consuming organic creatures. You spend these points to grow ""buildings"" that allow you to exploit the resources near you or to produce armies to protect yourself from those who would bring harm to you.\n\nSIDE MECHANICS: Instead of conquest, you could try to be social and win the hearts of the inhabitants of the world. You can ""vassalize"" their cities if they want to help you grow while retaining their individuality. You can ""annex"" through war or peaceful means if they're willing to become a part of your mind.\n\nSTORY: You are a hivemind that arrived to the planet via comet. Due to prophecy of your arrival, everyone thinks you're evil and wants to destroy you. It's up to you to prove them right or wrong.\n\nSIMILAR TO: Civilization series.\n\nADVANCED FEATURES: If this game turns out to be a success, maybe gameplay can extend out into space."
c19o5r,3 Eyed Raven: Rewriting the histories of Westeros (RPG Builder/Hack n slash),"&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Lore overview:** The [**Forest creatures “children”**](https://i.imgur.com/inxaSNe.jpg) (jpg) created whitewalkers to defeat the humans “The First Men” but eventually the whitewalkers turned on everyone. The Forest creatures now serve the [**3 Eyed Raven**](https://i.imgur.com/OxSEphG.jpg) (jpg) – who sees (and can potentially change) the past, present, future.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Gameplay overview:** You travel back into time to change lore events;\n\n(1) build castles/forts, similar to [**Dragon Quest Builders**](https://i.imgur.com/Z4A9qJd.jpg) (jpg) and Age of Empires\n\n(2) defend said castles, similar to Torchlight II and [**Diablo III**](https://gfycat.com/tallimpolitebuffalo) (gif)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSTORY 1: NIGHT KING (&amp; NIGHT QUEEN)\n\n*Lore facts: Centuries ago the Lord Commander of the Nights Watch fell in love with a pale woman with blue eyes (presumably an advanced whitewalker). He declared himself the Night King, entered into politics and sacrificed his own people*\n\nGame story:  You are guised as squire to the Lord Commander. On an expedition, your party rescues a pale blue eyed woman from wolves.\n\nGame play: Her presence leads to an alarming number of whitewalkers breaking into the Keep. You must build a suitable defense to repel the whitewalker invasion.\n\nIt becomes clear the Lord Commander has fallen for the woman in white. You will require assistance from neighboring Houses/tribes:\n\nChoose\n\n* Winterfell: Brandon the Breaker\n* The Wildlings: King Joramun\n\n**Since you are technically from the future – you will provide the early settlers with technology they do not have in their time such as trebuchets. Doing so make them the rulers of the North**.\n\nGameplay: Building a force to attack The Night King\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSTORY 2: OLD VALYRIA\n\n*Lore facts: Centuries ago, 4-6 royal families ruled over* [**Old Valyria**](https://i.imgur.com/4cR3M7M.gifv) (gif). *The royals included the Targaryens, Belaerys, Velaryons and Celtigars. They lived like gods, and so The Gods saw it fit to bring The Doom upon them, a series of volcanoes, that destroyed everyone save the Targaryens and a few survivors who went scattering across the world (becoming the now Dorthraki and other races).*\n\nGame story: Gold palaces and high towers, you are guised as an advisor to the royals. In a [**Noah &amp; the arc situation**](https://i.imgur.com/Y2OQGrg.jpg) (jpg)– you try to change this future by warning people of the Doom – ""winter is coming, build a ship"". Ofcourse no one listens.\n\nGameplay: gather materials and build 4-6 large ships\n\nOn Doom day, fire elementals appear and destroy the city. Hacking and slashing your way to the source – you discover sorcerers are behind it. You eliminate the source but now half the city is in flames and volcanic eruptions are starting to surface. \n\nYou must pick one House to save:\n\n|Only 1 House can survive||\n|:-|:-|\n|Targaryens |(3 dragons)|\n|Belaerys |(1 dragon) \[hard mode\]|\n|Velaryons |(6 dragons) \[easy mode\]|\n|Celtigars |(2 dragons)|\n\n \n\nYou take up to 10 members of the family from the palace to the ships. Atleast 1 dragon, and 2 members (man-woman) must survive the trip to the ships else its game over. \n\n*Lore facts: The family that survived went on to rule Dragonstone and later Kings Landing*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSTORY 3: THE GREAT WAR\n\n*Lore facts: In Season 6 of the TV Series – the whitewalkers are defeated because of the Targaryen-Stark alliance*\n\nGame story: You are guised as a relations ambassador; and are tasked with wedding two great houses. You will then build their castles before the whitewalkers arrive.\n\nGameplay: The wedding must include a Stark or Targaryen\*. A short video audio presentation of the bride/groom can aid in your decision. At a more strategic level the Houses with closer proximity or better equipment may also aid your decision\n\n\[[**very simple map**](https://i.imgur.com/W5BZOG1.jpg)\]\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWedding combo examples\n\n|House|Example|Pros and Cons|\n|:-|:-|:-|\n|Targaryen\* and Stark |e.g. Danerys and Bran|Perks: Dragons,  first response defence (easy mode)|\n|Lannister and Targaryen/Stark|e.g. Myrcella and Viserys|Perk: Lots of gold to buy reinforcements but reinforcements arrive late|\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\*provided you saved the Targaryens from the Doom\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOther potential stories: \n\nSacking of Kings Landing (King Robert Baratheon's rebellion)"
c17l24,“Night Times“ — 100 dreamy levels on shuffle mode,"Okay 100 levels might be asking a bit much but i’ll just use it as a placeholder amount.\n\n**base game concept**\n[suggest a title] could be a game that covers learning about people through what they think about when they sleep.\n\nIn the beginning, you can choose between a boy or a girl to play as, and it determines the set of dreams you have to experience throughout the game. And because it’s all dreams, the levels could be any genre of game *and* in a shuffled order, so you never know what to expect after a level. Between every dream, you wake up and go to work, and when you get back home you can explore your super normal and realistic apartment (optionally). You’ll be able to use the bathroom, make a meal, write in your journal, etc. And then sleep.\n\n*So if i choose to play as Dan the boy i might:* Get a nightmare where he’s stuck in a hospital and can’t find the exit but finds something really creepy in the basement instead, then wake up in a cold sweat and relief. Or get a dream that takes place 6 years prior to the game, where dan is back with his ex and has a great night, just to wake up to an empty bed in the morning and trudge to work. \n\n*Or if i play Maria the girl i might:* get a dream where she wins the lotto and does something that leads to craziness, just to wake up to no worries. Or get a dream where her future family’s dog dies but you have to find out where the body is with your husband and daughter. Examples of examples.\n\nSince dreams aren’t dangerous, I can’t think of any better risk factor than the fact that If you don’t manage to get to the end of your dream’s story before your alarm clock goes off, you sleep through your alarm and the game’s over. But you get a generous amount of time to finish each dream because there’s sometimes different ways the dream could pan out or extra stuff to do. If you die, you wake up and do another dream but the dream you died in will eventually come back until you beat it. Perhaps we could do something to spice it up every time a past dream comes around.\n\n**sequel concept**\n2 boys and 2 girls to choose from. 100 different dreams for each character. This time around, you can actually explore outside your apartment in a simulation-based open world of the city the character lives in. This world will also play a part in the story, so the levels won’t be shuffled. Fans might miss the shuffle feature from the first game, but i’m sure they’d understand.\n\n**TL;DR**\nQuirky and extremely M-rated FPS where the main character goes on all different types of adventures in his/her dreams. The levels not only are in a random order every playthrough — they also span from horror to comedy to simulation, action  and beyond, keeping players at the edge of their seat. Will this dream have a happy ending, take a dark turn, or just leave you conflicted? Sometimes it’s up to you and sometimes it’s not.\n\nSounds like a tall order so to make a game like this would prolly take a long time. I was imagining it presented by Adult Swim Games."
c124pq,"Space Exploration Game (Yeah, can’t think of a title)","The idea I had was a super realistic system of creating/flying spaceships like Kerbal Space Program, but with the addition of some alien ruins in the system a la Outer Wilds/Mass Effect etc.\n\nIn essence you’d be stumbling along, find these things while exploring otherwise boring and empty planets (pretty much my main issue with KSP), and through the ridiculous effort of hauling samples back or setting up science expeditions, you’d slowly but surely begin to reverse engineer stuff and learn the story of the precursors who lived in your system. \n\nAt first you might get access to better materials, allowing for lighter and more spacious craft, and with those, you can haul more experimental gear etc... fast forward to the late game where you’d begin to be able to get cool power generation, drive, or computer systems at the cost of disassembling ancient technology and structures which might still be functional in its own right. Do you strap the cool alien engine thing to your ship and test it or try and disassemble it and risk losing both it and the power it brings, but gain the ability to create more, similar ones?\n\nThen, after an FTL breakthrough, you might be able to start exploring other star systems (which might be procedurally generated just for kicks)."
c12375,Music content based castlevania type game,"**STORY:**\n\nThe player is a thief/adventurer. They find a bottle. They open the bottle. Bad spirits come out. Each spirit setups a stronghold and starts doing bad things to the world.  The player must infiltrate each stronghold and get the bottle back to the spirits so that it can suck them back inside.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**MAIN MECHANICS:**\n\nFor most of the game combat and everything will be castlevania style. Boss fights would be different. The idea is that the spirits are too strong to fight so the player must keep the bottle near them until they are sucked back inside. While they are doing this, the spirits are, obviously, trying to kill them. This battle will take place based off a song both in duration of the fight and content. I always like to imagine Let the bodies hit the floor. When the song says ""Let the Bodies Hit the Floor"" zombies will rain down, raise up and attack the player. ""One, nothing wrong with me"" Giant hand comes down and causes a shockwave that the player has to dodge. And so on and on. Once the song finishes, the spirit is trapped back inside the bottle. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**SIDE MECHANICS:**\n\nRPG, Castlevania(ish) - jumping, real time combat, exploring\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**SIMILAR TO:** Castlevania, Guitar Hero?\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**ADVANCED FEATURES:**"
c11zjo,[Educational(ish)] Plant growing/evolution vs nature game,"Idea I have a had for a while. Not sure if done and I don't care to look much. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Broad idea:**\n\nPlayer starts with a seed in the ground. UI shows current food/water amount. Water ticks down over time and food ticks up. Using the amount of food they have available, the player chooses how to grow the plant. For instance, the plant is a small seedling, do you choose to grow the plant up and get more food or do you grow the roots out to try to collect more water. If growing out isn't working, do you grow the root down to try to tap into the water table. And so on. After the plant reaches X goal, the player wins the round. On the winning screen, it will display what type of plant the player chose to grow based on the choices that they made. \[Congratulations, you grew a willow tree! Their roots will seek out the nearest source of water and can even crack pipes!\] Different levels would have different challenges. Maybe there is one level where there is too much sun and not a lot of water so the player has to grow roots out and water storage high (cactus). Maybe there is a level where the idea is to propagate the plant the furthest so the player has to grow fruit. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Smaller ideas:**\n\nDonations in game to wilderness charities. \n\nWebcam connection for plants sponsored by the app\n\nExpert levels where the player has to grow weeds (dandelions) to survive being cut back often. \n\nLong term, in game, plant that grows much slower and is the personal plant of the player\n\nIn game base with plants the player needs to care for/collect?"
c0wxgq,Ideas for an engaging one-tap mobile game,"Hey r/gameideas,\nI'm looking for mobile game ideas that are simple to make, and require only the tap/swipe of the player."
c0wiri,Procedurally generated Co-op RPG,"I have toyed around with the idea of this game for a while, i've never posted it anywhere as its main feature seemed like it would bs ridiculously difficult to nake functional in gameform, that was until Watch_Dogs legion was announced, featuring a system very similar to the one i had in mind. This game concept is heavily inspired by tabletop rpg games.\n\nThe general idea of the game was to emulate a tabletop game session with a modern gameplay style. I will use other games as examples as i find it is The best way i can describe whats in my head, but i will also give a very basic descripition to the best of my abilities as well.\n\nThis game is also designed with coop in mind, but singleplayer would also be possible.\n\nThe game will always take place on the same map, with set capital cities, towns, and landmarks. Enemy camps will spawn randomly, a new one appearing after one is cleared and caves, once ebtered, will have different layouts each playthrough.\n\nCharacter creation would be detailed, with the choice of gender, race, class, religion and basic tidbits about the characters background before the game takes place. Class selection will be very similar to Divinity: Original Sin 2 when it comes to class creation, you will pick a primary class but can switch out certain skills and abilities to make them unique. You will create four seperate characters to fill your party, or you can create one and simply randomise the rest.\n\nEvery npc in the game, whether it be a barmaid, an enemy bandit, a street urchin or a king, will all be randomly generated through the same creator that you used to make your characters, making each person you meet unique between playthroughs. Maybe one playthrough the king of the main city is a godly saint, the next hes a madman.\n\nThe game would also feature permadeath for anyonenin the world, including yourself and fellow party members, anyone who dies will be replaced after a time with another randonly generated character, but their deaths can lead to stories unique to that playthrough.\n\nIf anyone in your party dies they can either be replaced with a new custom made character, or you can hire an npc from the world. \n\nGeneral gameplay and combat will be similar to that of Dragon Age inquisition, with an over the shoulder camera angle, combat would rely on hotkeyed abilities and a general attack, with solo players also having the option to switch between party members.\n\nAll quests in the game would also be randomly generated, and while there will be quests that are similar to one another they would vary based on the npcs and locations involved. \n\nAll quests can be approached in any numbe of ways based on character skills and actions. Maybe someone has asked you to kill someone for doing them wrong, but the person you are tasked to kill offers you more money to kill the original quest giver. Maybe you are tasked eith exploring a ciry ruin, upon arriving you can only seem to find a way in thats filled with deadly traps, but another player investigates a wall, finding a secret entrance. Finally, maybe your party meets with the king, and instead of helping him you just decide to murder him and usurp his throne.\n\nMy final point when it comes to this game would be that if at any point you got bored of your party or character or you simply believe said character/parties story is over. You can choose to start a new party of completely new chatacters in the same save, with your old characters becoming Npcs.\n\nTl;dr an rpg inspired by tabletops with randomly generated quests and characters.\n\nThat is the general gist behind my game idea, I would love to see any suggestions, questions or criticisms you may have about thisnidea and will reply to them whenever i can. Thank you for reading"
c0w0s4,Concept for an Audio Novel - Dialogues with NPC,"How could a video game work without the video? There are many genres of games that are impossible to carry on the audio-only media (ie: FPS with gunplay), but there are also other genres that would work very well: creating a unique feel (such as adventures) where the invasive presence of the visual arts cannot.\nThere is a difference between watching a movie or listening to an audiobook: in a video-game movie (the universe in which you immerse yourself) your superheroes have unchanging colors and faces of famous actors. The objects they use, the things they do... everything must respect the visual rules of the reality we live in. Otherwise it would just be ""bizarre"".\nGames follow and exceed the cinematic average\nAn audiobook is a medium that stimulates your perceptions, the memory of the things that surround you in a terribly different way.\n\nThe film and video game industry puts the faces of famous people in your adventures.\nIn books and audiobooks, heroes and villains have the faces of the people you love and/or hate - famous or not.\n\nTo work, however, these media must follow their own rules: no one would want to listen to an audiobook in a crowded movie theater. There are already audio games available for smartphones, but smartphones are like small pocket movie theaters; even essential things like the touch (buttons) has been switched into the touchscreen.\n\nWhen in the adventure you have to hold a sword a smarphone player expects to press on a bright icon, an audio gamer would prefer to hear the rustle of the hilt against the armor: then take that action. \n\nI'm creating a draft for an audio game following the concepts of visual novels; you could call it audio novel.\n\nSome time ago I posted the first part, how to move the main character on a virtual map using just three buttons [right], [left] and [action]. Walking on the map, changing location is not enough: you also need to have an inventory, be able to perform actions ... continue with the story. But for the moment I preferred to focus on something even more important: the dialogues with other NPCs.\n\n\n\nIn a visual novel the dialogue options take up little space; just look at them and you've already read a good part of them: it takes little time to choose. But in an audio novel?\nClosest thing came up in mind are the [Interactive Voice Responder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interactive_voice_response) ... and man, those are awful!\nyou have to listen to know all the options, it is if you have forgotten the one that interested you: you have to wait again from the beginning.\n\n\nThe solution found in this draft follows this paradigm: there are no actions with a single keystroke!\n\nInstead by holding down a button you are given the opportunity to listen to the relative action, if the button is released the message stops and you can immediately choose another one.\n\nLet's suppose you want your character to ask for the time to another NPC: you press the key for the next question and hear your character saying something like ""Ask when it did happened. I need to know the time when it happened, so I can place the events in a proper timeframe"" \nThe scheme of this message is split in two parts: ""Ask when it did happend"" and then... other filling stuff (for narrative propouse).\nYou don't need to listen the whole message each time you ""hover"" on that option. You keep [right] press and your hero/heroine starts speaking ""Ask when it did happend..."" you release the button and he/she will silence him/herself. Now you can press [right] again and you will listen the next option. Of course, [left] will allow you to return to the previous option:in this way you can easily navigate between your options, and you wait to listen each option only do actually care about.\n\nThere are two ways to pick the option you want:\n\n1. if you're ""moving"" with [left] or [right], you add the [action] button (and that's it: the choice is made)\n\n2. if you start with [action] (no [left/right] key pressed) you will hear the dialogue option you're currently hovering. Now pressing [right] will take that action (sum up: [action]+[right]).\n\n\nThere is also another option, pressing [action] and then [left] you can listen to a description of the emotions and look of the NPC. But this aspect is not very developed yet (the idea is that the content is dynamic and reflect the reactions your choices made on the NPC's mood)"
c0vwr3,Meme game,A RPG game where you go through the days fighting normie memes and becoming king of dank memes
c0urgn,Battle royale + Rust + Monster Hunter + King of the Hill (the game you played as a kid not the TV show),"So to start off, this is just an idea I've had eating at my brain.  It's not perfect but I feel is a good start to something that could become a big hit. \n\nI'm looking for any advice that  you guys think would help improve the thought of this game. Or if it's even worth thinking on anymore. \n\n• Objective: Survive as long as you can with the crafted gear and weapons you can manage to come up with and hunt down as many hunters or beasts as possible all while trying to place the highest on the leaderboards and hold your crown. \n\n• Multiple joinable server game\n\n• 100 players per server\n\n• No time limit\n\n• No end \n\n• 1 life per hunter\n\n• 30 minute wait time to join back in the same server you played in. (When killed)\n\n• No server hopping, meaning when you transfer to a new server weapons, gear, and crafting materials do not transfer with player.\n\n• If player leaves the server and joins back in later, the said player will spawn where he/she was last located and with the gear, weapons, and crafting materials the player had accumulated. \n\n• 45minutes day 15 minutes night cycle.\n\n• Not a hunger and thirst survivor simulator. More of a crafting and blending into the environment survivor simulator. \n\n• Per server there will be a record holding leaderboards that keeps score on every player that enters the server. \n\n• Leaderboard consists of but not limited to: time survived, kills on other hunters, beasts slain, weapons crafted, etc. \n\n• Leaderboards reset monthly giving new players a chance to set new records and show what they are made of. \n\n• Daily/weekly/monthly challenges that offer well sought after rewards such as weapon skins, gear skins and more that can ultimately help you on future hunts and make you look damn good while you're dominating the playing field. \n\n• There are primal animals or beasts that can be hunted in each server. Some are more difficult than others but the hunt is well worth the risk. \n\n• Players do not have to hunt beasts to survive or progress on the leaderboards it's more of an option and can be helpful to the players that do decide to take part in hunts.\n\n• Every 60-90 minutes of game play there will be a server wide Beast Hunt (field boss event) where Six massive beasts emerge around the map and players can work together to take down for special drops, renown and other rewards. \n\n• During the Beast Hunt there will be a time limited peace treaty between all the players lasting 30 minutes so all players can work together on taking down the beast. \n\n• During the peace treaty the server will go into PVE only mode and once the Beast Hunt event is over there will be a 15 minute window where all players can retreat and get away from other players before PVP is reactivated. ( the PVE only is an optional idea that I think would be helpful.) \n\n• Optional idea: Some servers have a PVP lock that will stay active even during the Beast Hunts, giving the players a choice to make their gaming experience even more challenging which will cancel out the PVE peace treaty and the 15 minute cooldown making the server PVP at all times. \n\n• The game has loot spawns but must be more reliant on what you can craft from the resources the environment and slain beasts provides. \n\n• Have a huge crafting spectrum and a wide variety of materials to craft with. \n\n• Being able to craft: weapons, armor, gear, and traps to help dominate the hunt. \n\n• Some items must be found rather than crafted making it worth exploring the map to find rare weapons and or gear. \n\nOn a side note, I do have more ideas for the game. I just want to put this little bit out there so you guys have an idea of what the game is and how I think it could run."
c0sfrj,Yggdrasil/Overlord game,"A quick note before you try to read this... this post is a summary of my daydreaming. I think about this when I have nothing better to do because it's fun for me. I thought that I might let you know before you see this wall of text. Also, I'd love to hear any feedback you might have because it might help to improve upon this game (in my mind :D)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe ""Red Thread"" for this game is the anime ""Overlord"" that's supposed to give the MMORPG genre a new chance (because there is literally no good MMORPG out there anymore)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI loved the idea of what was created in the anime but the game I'm imagining is not supposed to re-tell the story of the anime. It's not supposed to be a game of the anime but more a game of the game from the anime. I will try and keep in mind that games need to be coded by someone which is the reason why not everything might work as I'd love to see it. Anyways, here is my idea\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**The overall idea (each point will be explained)**\n\n**1. Huge Open-World with factions and consequences**\n\n**2. MMORPG aspects with jobs**\n\n**3. HUGE class system**\n\n**4. You are NEUTRAL and free to do anything**\n\n**5. Questing System**\n\n**6. Weapons &amp; Armor get a new meaning to it**\n\n**7. Interaction with NPC's is important**\n\n**8. Skill Differences between Pros and Noobs**\n\n**9. Alliances/Guilds &amp; Guildhouses/Dungeons will be a core element**\n\n**10. The Unknown**\n\n**11. Problems and potential solutions**\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**1. Huge Open-World with factions and consequences:**\n\nWhat was shown in the Anime was that there were huge cities, factions and conflicts. \n\nWhat I want in the game is that you start in something like a Beginner City that doesn't really belong to any faction. This beginner city will be very important throughout the whole game. **You start there and go through a tutorial on how to fight, how to get resources, how to accept quests and jobs, how to meet other players and group up with them. You will learn about Yggdrasil (the world) and how it functions.**\n\nEvery town is supposed to be somewhat intractable and every player can have an impact. *(More about that in 4)*\n\nThe factions are not necessarily something you can choose right from the start. They are there to give players the opportunity of going into global events. Basically, if two factions have a conflict you can go to a leader of one group and talk with them about the whole situation, get a quest line and, if a war starts, you can fight for that faction and get a reward depending on how important you were for them. Of course you can also join the war without a questline just to level up, steal from people, loot dead people or whatever but you won't get the chance to get a nice reward.\n\nThese events can have an impact on the entire world. For example, towns can be destroyed, player buildings erased and factions will be weak right after a war *(more about that in 8 &amp; 9)*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**2. MMORPG aspects with jobs:**\n\nThe world will have two main aspects of gameplay. 1. MMORPG, 2. Guildhouses/Dungeons *(More about that in 9)*\n\nThe MMORPG aspect is more or less basic stuff. You choose a class, earn exp by questing, killing monsters and working. ""Working"" will be jobs like smithing, cooking, making healing stuff, alchemy and stuff like that. \n\n**Jobs are supposed to give you ""normal"" exp so that you don't ""lose"" time while not fighting anything.** **It's supposed to be a cooperative game with your guild and is supposed to be balanced in that way. What I mean is that you could theoretically gain max level without fighting whatsoever IF your guild helps you.** \n\nSo for example: You want to become a master of the job ""alchemy"". For alchemy, you need different mob drops, resources (e.g. ores) or maybe even living creatures. There will always be a way to choose a ""good"" way - here it would be that you somehow find a way to not kill the creature in the process of alchemy - and a ""bad"" way - here it would be that you kill the creature in the process through alchemy. *(More about ""good and bad"" in 4.)* \n\nFor all of that, you, of course, need someone who gives you all of that. You can either get the needed resources at a market or through your guild members who are hopefully ready to bring you all of that stuff.\n\n**Why shouldn't they just take it for themselves and level up their own skill? Maxing out Jobs is supposed to be a lot harder then maxing out your ""main"" level.** Jobs themselves are not going to have a ""level"" but getting better in a job will give you a better ""title/rank"" for that job. So for example Apprentice, Novice, Scholar, Master, Grandmaster (These titles are totally random. I just thought of some real quick). You will not have any exp-bar that shows you when you will get a new title. You will have to figure out yourself what you need to do to gain a new rank in the job *(More about this in 10.)* \n\nBecause of this, it will be a lot more efficient for the guild if they have one guy who specializes in a specific job and gives him all he needs. He is the one who will later have the power and knowledge to give the guild a lot better stuff. *(More about the importance of knowledge in 8.)* \n\n**Now of course ""Jobs"" will be a huge part of the MMORPG system in the game but of course, every MMORPG will need to have a fighting system, too.**\n\nAs I said before you will mostly do ""basic"" stuff so fighting and questing. This will give you a higher ratio of experience for your ""main"" level since there is nothing like a job the experience would be shared with. You get normal exp and level up your class.\n\nThe first aspect that's supposed to be a bit different from most other MMORPGs is that there will be more skill shots. A lot of MMOs I played had this automatic hit system that pretty much made any skill hit as long as you clicked on the target before. In this game, you will swing your sword similar to games like dauntless or monster hunter. Each attack has a hitbox. \n\nI don't mean it in a way that you can hit legs and might whack them off but more in a way that an attack with the sword can be dodged with a backstep. Abilities will also be ""balanced"" around this. For example meteors, bow attacks, CHAAAARGES will all need to be aimed to hit. **Of course, this doesn't necessarily mean that every single fight will be a pain in the ass and take years to fight. This will mainly affect PvP and also combat in PvE in your favour because you will be able to read attack and dodge patterns of mobs.** Smaller enemies will be easy as always but because of this mechanic, you will be able to fight against higher level enemies in an earlier stage when you're more experienced *(again, more about player knowledge in 8.)* \n\n**The game is overall supposed to have a nice flow of movement so you'll be able to climb, jump, run and fly through the world to make the open world aspect a lighter experience.** For me, games like Skyrim have the problem that you don't really like to go through the world and explore everything because it's really slow. In this game, every class will acquire movement skills early on. I have a HUUUUUGE class system coming in ""3"" so I'll probably talk about these skills there.\n\nMost of these skills will be somewhat useable for combat, too.\n\n**Another aspect will be that ""classes"" have uses, other than fighting, too.** As a high-level summoner, you will be able to summon permanent entities that you can give to someone as a helper or just let them farm for you, as a high-level mechanic, you will be able to build strong turrets and machines that defend your base or help in combat, and so on. Each class will have its own unique ability that brings a change to how the game can be played. Not early-on though :D\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**3. HUGE class system**\n\n**Note:** I actually wanted to make a google document for this because classes are in my opinion the most important aspect of an MMORPG and I think a lot about that topic when I have nothing better to do. I never worked with google docs so I'm not sure if I ever will BUT let's just say that this is the LITE version of how I imagine a class system for the game. \n\nThe ""full version"" (lul) would include: \n\n\- All classes have more abilities\n\n\- A description for each ability\n\n\- Better names for the abilities... this is going to be really cringy\n\n\- MAYBE more classes... probably not because there will be a lot and I try to make them as unique as possible\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAgain, the game is supposed to have a primary class, an advanced class and a max level class. Each primary class will have a huge class-tree that player can pick out their playstyle.\n\n**THE PRIMARY CLASSES with a short description: (level 0)**\n\n1. Squire - Swordsman beginner\n2. Apprentice - Mage beginner\n3. Fighter - Fighter beginner\n4. Bowman - Ranged beginner\n5. Specialist - Specialist beginner\n\n**THE ADVANCED CLASSES with a short description: (level 15)**\n\n**Note:** The descriptions are just there so you know in which direction the class is supposed to go... sometimes I say something about mobility and the weapons they use. This is only to give you a better picture of how I imagine the class. Also most classes use magic but I point it out on those who use is in a special way\n\n**Squire:**\n\n1. Berserker - Has a big 2H weapon and uses strong attacks that destroy everything in his way\n2. Shielder - Tank that literally uses his shields as weapons and support tool\n3. Blader - Quick swords master who wields 1-2 swords and uses his mobility as an advantage\n4. Knight - Semi-Tank with a shield and a weapon who can enhance himself with holy might (might as well be called paladin)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Apprentice:**\n\n1. Elementalist - Uses the four (core) elements to his advantage (water, earth, fire, air)\n2. Summoner - Summons creatures that fight for him \n3. Arcanist - Uses the mana in the world to fight\n4. Druid - Uses his knowledge about living things to fight and even mimic them\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Fighter:**\n\n1. Boxer - Tanky and strong fist fighter who is very resilient\n2. Kicker - Very mobile fighter who uses his kicks as a weapon .... name is subject to change :D\n3. Monk - Martial Artist who uses the full capacity of the human body to make the environment his own\n4. Enhancer - Uses mana to enhance his body and fights with great technique and strength\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Bowman:**\n\n1. Gunner - Mobile gun user who fights in close/medium range\n2. Sniper - Uses (special) bows or rifles to fight from afar and uses special technology to his advantage\n3. Archer - A mobile bow user who fights from medium range\n4. Hunter - Uses ranged weapons, a pet and traps to fight (I'm not a friend of any kind of pet dying so he summons them... through magic... they are not flesh and blood... ok maybe they are but since this is only a mind game let's just say they're not :D)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Specialist:**\n\n1. Mechanic - Creates machines that he can use to fight \[for him\]\n2. Archaeologist/Explorer - Uses findings/discoveries to let the world fight for him\n3. Stargazer - Uses knowledge about the universe to fight for him\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**THE MAX CLASSES with a short description (Max Level)**\n\n**Note:** The Max Level Classes are not the ""end"". It's the last time you will change/advance with your class but the MAX CLASSES have a similar ranking system as the jobs. A tier system. As you choose a MAX LEVEL class you will unlock a new skill tree. [Imagine it like one of these tier lists](https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1490407-tier-lists). You start at F and work your way up to the S tier. Each tier has about 4-5 skills there. When you climb up a tier you get one tier point for the respective tier. This means that you can only unlock 7 skills (one per tier) out of the possible 28-35. It will take you a long time to unlock all tiers so you will need to choose wisely but it makes you very unique.\n\n**WIP:**\n\nI have some MAX CLASSES in mind but I don't want them to be random so I'll leave that for now. Each advanced class will have 2-3 MAX CLASSES. For example, MAX CLASSES for the summoner would be the \[Necromancer\] and the \[Spirit\]. MAX CLASSES keep the abilities of the advanced class. The Necromancer will be able to revive dead entities and let them fight for him and can ""melt"" them together to make a stronger one. The Spirit will be able to take over living entities and do something with them. High Tier MAX CLASSES will be able to impact the world strongly. So their abilities will not just be wimpy dimpy. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Abilities:**\n\n**WIP:** It would be INSANE to write down every single ability for every class that I have in mind. But I will write all the mobility spells I had in mind for them that they use to explore the world (and partially fight). Note that pets are also available but these are spells they get early on and they can use to explore faster. No names\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBerserker - Leaps forward extremely fast; can be used as charge\n\nShielder - Charges with his shields in front of him; stuns enemies that get hit\n\nBlader - Dashes a far distance into the direction he is looking; if it hits an enemy it deals damage to them and goes on a 10second cooldown (before only 2 seconds cooldown)\n\nKnight - Uses Holy Magic to move and attack faster; 3 times slower in combat (or something along the lines)\n\nElementalist - Depending on the ground uses rock/ground or water to transport him much faster (air is unlocked later to fly); while still on the transporting ground the ability can be used again to kick the rock/ground up (water can later become ice if unlocked) and throw it into the direction the user is looking.\n\nSummoner - Summoned creatures carry the summoner. Early on it might be something like little goblins who are rather slow, later it might be a dragon; summoned creatures let summoner down and fight\n\nArcanist - Arcane Shift/Blink teleports the Arcanist a long distance to the point he is looking at depending on how long the button is pressed (the longer the further); while in combat blink can only be used for short distances\n\nDruid - Druid transforms into an animal to move faster; Animal form can fight (basic druid stuff)\n\nBoxer - Endurance running. Gives VERY SLOWLY experience so he knows the training does something\n\nKicker - Can run extremely fast. Later jumps/kicks himself through the air\n\nMonk - Can jump pretty far\n\nEnhancer - Enhances his legs to run fast and jump far\n\nGunner - Dashes forward short distances to where he's looking with short cooldown; longer cooldown in battle\n\nSniper - Hookshot that can elevate him onto a higher level or drags him to where he shot; Sniper can upgrade hooks to be useable in combat\n\nArcher - Also uses Hookshots but with his bow\n\nHunter - Can use pet(s) to transport him\n\nMechanic - Can create mechanical pets that transport him or mechanical legs that make him run much faster\n\nArchaeologist/Explorer - Can climb as fast as he can run. Can build a glider which flies him fast through the air. The earliest method of flight \n\nStargazer - Opens an astral doorway that shortens the distance between him and his goal. Can be used with group members\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n4. **You are NEUTRAL and free to do anything**\n\nYou start as a neutral person. Your actions can change that. You can do almost everything. Destroy houses and kill civilians BUT this might kill you or gets you time in prison and also changes your ""popularity""-bar (or whatever you wanna call it) to ""bad"". The more bad stuff you do the scarier you get to other people. Always being bad might close the market but opens up the black market for you. There are always advantages and disadvantages of being bad but also for being purely good. Being good makes people like you more but you won't get access to ""illegal"" stuff as easy anymore.\n\nYou might even get banned from certain towns. The beginner town is the only one you can always go to.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**5. Questing System**\n\nThe questing system is definitely not supposed to be uninteresting. Things like ""get me 10000 of these things"" should only be there if it's in the tutorial to show you how jobs work (for example get me leather so I can show you how you make this). Each quest should fulfil a purpose either in a subplot story or to teach the player something. I'm not so much of a story writer so I don't know what an interesting main story could be.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**6. Weapons &amp; Armor get a new meaning to it**\n\nMost MMO's only make armor and weapons have different stats on them but I'd love to see how each different weapon has another kind of ""basic"" attack to it. A blader starts with a normal sword in each hand and when he gets a better sword he can even chop down trees with it and an EVEN BETTER SWORD makes him cut the air so that his basic attacks become medium range attacks or something like that. Armors could also get effects so that e.g. a dragon is summoned if the player is under 20% HP.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**7. Interaction with NPC's is important**\n\nThe more often you do something for an NPC the more they like you. This might open up secret options *(see 10)* so that you might be able to buy new things or recruit them for something.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**8. Skill differences between Pros and Noobs**\n\nAs I said before, knowledge is supposed to be a useful thing in the game. Experienced players should be able to get levels much quicker then beginners. Reasons for that can be the skill difference in gameplay (skillshots) but also the overall knowledge. Which way do I get more exp and how can I do this and that. Experienced players should be able to even outplay higher level ""noobs"" on another character simply because they know how to use dashes and attack better then the ""noobs""\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**9. Alliances/Guilds &amp; Guildhouses/Dungeons will be a core element**\n\nFinally, this is supposed to be the 2nd kind of gameplay you can have. As a guild, you can create a dungeon which will be your guildhouse. This guildhouse can be invaded by other players and is accessible to them at all times. You will need to build a good defence together with your guild. Different classes in a guild help a lot with this. Jobs will help too. This is supposed to be similar to the Overlord anime. Basically, every action that you do with the guild other than raiding, hunting, killing has to be done in the guildhouse. Other players can invade you so defending your base will also be an important part of the gameplay. If you kill them off you get their loot. If the defence wasn't strong enough you lose your treasures. Each guildhouse has to have a specific amount of treasure that the invader can steal. If you don't wanna do that it's fine but the guild won't be able to grow in size and technology. \n\n**The guildhouse itself will be able to automate a lot of resource production when you're far enough.** Later on, in the game, your guild will be able to build new layers to the dungeon you created. Each layer will unlock more place and technology for your guild that can be used to automate resource production for different jobs which are going to be important and useful.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**10. The Unknown**\n\nThe game has a lot of secrets that await to be discovered. Talking to NPC's might unlock new accessories and armoury. Using a weapon on a specific enemy, surface or with a certain magic unlocks a weapon skill that noone ever knew about. This mechanic is supposed to make old garbage stuff useful again. A level 1 stone sword can be examined and you might find out that it actually consists of unactivated dragonblood, so if you activate it's even stronger then your best sword. That's where a community might come and discover new things together\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**11. Problem and potential solutions**\n\nFirst of all, I never programmed anything but I know that it's a hard job to do. So I also know that this is most likely impossible to code. Anyways, here are some problems other then the code.\n\n\- This game as a multiplayer online game would probably be impossible to handle. Communities are toxic which can't be changed so, in a world where you allow almost everything it would be too much of a restriction to not allow playerkills... which leads us to high level players killing beginners who have a lower level.\n\nSolution: The game might just work as a singleplayer/coop game without online mode. Just you and your friends leveling up against the computer. You get op and more op, discover new stuff and just have fun. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nHope you guys liked this game idea... If not thats fine too xD Gimme feedback"
c0s8w6,Road Trippin' - a VR rhythm game road trip simulator,"The game starts you in the driver's seat of a photorealistic sedan, because we have that technology. You are already on the road; I-70 in fact, east of Denver. A long lazy stretch of Colorado farm country slides past at a tranquil pace. The Rockies loom in the distance. The radio invites you to turn it on, so you push the button.\n\nA simple menu song loop begins and ""Road Trippin'"" materializes on the windshield as though projected by a HUD. You tap the words to continue. On the song select screen, you choose [Crystal Method - Trip Like I Do](https://youtu.be/0hJZR_hinI0) and put your hands at ten and two.\n\nAs the song begins, you see something crest the horizon in the center lane. It draws near at an appropriate rhythm game speed. At 0:21, with the first rhythm note, the object pings softly and shatters pleasingly against the front bumper of the car. The line of these notes stretches out to infinity in front of you. When they wander into the other lanes starting at 0:32 you gently swerve the car in kind. You are now dancing with your shoulders like Chris Tucker as you catch notes.\n\nIn the distance you think you see just one tree glitch out staticky for a split second. Now alert, you might notice the second one.\n\nA note grows into existence on the HUD. It emerges from the windshield and floats toward the steering wheel. In the iconography of the game, it indicates that you should pull the trigger when it gets there. At 0:43, when the crystal cracks, the final road note of the section hits your bumper and the finger note hits the wheel. You are now tapping your finger on the steering wheel along with the lead instrument. The notes bid you alternate your finger tapping as the rhythm grows more complex.\n\nA new steering wheel note appears. This one indicates you should slap the steering wheel when it gets there. When the drums come in at 1:25 you start slapping the wheel in time with the drum beat.\n\nThe road notes return. The first returning road note hits your bumper at 1:47. As they weave back and forth you slap the wheel with one hand, steer with the other. \n\nBy this point, the world outside has faded into a magenta twilight, stars visible overhead. The trees have subtly shifted into polygonal tree models. Oncoming traffic is similarly low-res. Traffic and scenery pass you in time with the other tracks of the song (in a manner reminiscent of [Chemical Brothers - Star Guitar](https://youtu.be/0S43IwBF0uM)). \n\nNew notes materialize in the distance. They draw closer and you can see these aren't descending toward you like the road notes. They appear to rise slightly as they approach. This means they're just above your car. You're going to have to reach up and high-five them.\n\nThe first of these new notes is destined to appear at 3:23. In that instant, the roof of your car ejects itself and all the textures explode off all the models everywhere. The world is a synthwave colored wireframe and you're high fiving notes as they float above your now-convertible now-sports car. You're definitely not in Colorado any more.\n\nMore notes appear and you're full-on dancing in your seat.\n\nWe can skip the annoying siren breaks at 3:55 and 5:22. I've always hated those. \n\nInstead, someone who wasn't in your car before is now waving for your attention from the passenger seat. They point out to you a flock of wire-geese flying off to the side out your window. You interact with the geese in time with the music. Other bits of scenery present themselves for interaction.\n\nA new note appears. Two of them at once. These are recognizable in rhythm game language as holds or sustains. At 6:27 when the drum break ends you raise your arms wide to catch them both. At 6:35 the song has a rising note, so the hand holds rise, so you must rise. You are now standing in your techno-convertible, flying through space. As the ramp up ends at 6:43 and with the accompanying drop, you are now punching targets all over your field of reach. Big finish.\n\nAs the song drop off at the end, the final words echo.\n\n""I want you to trip like I do.""\n\nPerfect score.\n\n\---\n\nI used this song for illustrative purposes (also, I want people to trip like I do). Rights would probably be a pain to wrangle, so it'd probably easier to get a composer to do sound-alikes. Other songs I have interesting ideas for include Narayan, Climbatize, Yell Fire, etc.\n\nHopefully you see how this is different from just any other rhythm game. It's intended to showcase the capabilities of VR. The photorealism in the beginning is there to contrast the descent into fantasy and fiction. It starts out as a road trip, and morphs into something more. When someone shows up in your car this demonstrates that the old rules do not apply and anything can happen.\n\nThank you for reading."
c0qufr,Would you guys play this?,"I am thinking about creating a game set in medieval times, Open world multiplayer survival. When you start building you have the choice for a npc to move into that building, you start build a town you get alot of people that think of you as a king, you build a castle and you are the king, you can have your npc's work for you, run the farms for food, mine for ore, or even fight in your army.  There will be a whole menu set up for all the towns and whos the lord/king of that town, you can have alliances with them and declare war with them. Its completely up to you. you can join someones town and be a knight or a simple villager,solider. You can conquer someone town and hold as many castles as you'd like. Let me know if this is something you guys would want to play and would consider buying. If you have any question feel free to ask. Thank you."
c0pou3,GAME IDEA TEMPLATE,"For some background, I'm an intermediate indie game developer who would like to see this sub grow. I know what it takes to make and pitch a game, and find most idea posts on this sub are missing the mark. Use the below template to ensure your idea can be translated into a game.   \n\nThere is a TLDR copy/paste version at the bottom.      \n  \n----------\n  \n[TITLE] A one-sentence overview of what your game is all about. Ex: 'The player is a cat, hunting a mouse that lives in the walls.'\n\n[BODY]  \n\n*Name* (Your best idea for what the game should be called): 'Whiskers'  \n \n*Main Mechanic* (what the player will be spending most of the time doing): 'The player sneaks around the house, deducing the mouse's current hiding place through visual sound waves and scratching noises. When the mouse makes a break for the food, the player does everything they can to catch the mouse.'  \n\n*Side Mechanics* (secondary features to make the game more fun): 'Stealth and acrobatic movement, using the terrain such as couches and kitchen chairs to get around faster. Multiple mice on harder levels.'  \n\n*Story* (The main story idea if your game has one): 'The cat is left alone at the house, and must protect the food under a time limit until the owners get home.'  \n \n*Similar to* (games or references that your game relates to for added clarity, usually a 1-sentence pitch): 'Whack-a-Mole meets Assassin's Creed.'  \n\n*Advanced Features* (Features that could be added in if made by a strong enough team, but are not needed for the game to function): 'Mouse mode, where the player plays the same level but as the mouse instead of the cat. Multiplayer mode, with 1-2 cats and 2-4 mice. Co-Op mode with 2 cats or 2 mice, etc. Level design mode. Outside mode.'   \n  \n----------\n  \nWhile some of this stuff might seem extra, this information is really important for sharing something as complex as a game idea. It gives someone a foundation from which to build game mechanics, come up with a story and visual style, without becoming lost or confused by your idea.  \n\nIf sharing a game idea with someone feels like you are telling them about a vague dream, then you probably need to think about your idea a little bit more before sharing. \n \n\n\nTL;DR / COPY AND PASTE FORMAT \n\n\n*NAME:*   \n\n*MAIN MECHANIC:*  \n\n*SIDE MECHANICS:*  \n\n *STORY:*    \n\n*SIMILAR TO:*  \n\n*ADVANCED FEATURES:*"
c0pkij,The Art of Sword,"I'm not a game creator or coder but I have ideas that I'd like to share still. I was thinking about a 2d mobile sword dueling game. So the player gets to select a base class which can be either defense (eg. Knight), evasion (eg ninja), tricky ( eg thief or powerful (viking). The game shall be 2d allowing forward, backwards and jumping. Attacks can be downward slash, upward slash, thrusting and parries. Special attacks can vary according to experience and weapon, but xp remains on that weapon and if you switch weapon your attack level is return to 1. Eg samurai special attacks can be as in samurai x. I perfer not to include supernatural abilities unless limited to enchanting weapon stamina speed durability, etc. Defense skill such as blocking and parrying shall can be of both weapon and shield. Using a actively using your shield will actively reduce your stamina. Parries will only reduce by and amount. Using your weapon will also reduce stamina. Heavier weapon reduce more stamina but more damage and ifif leveled up stamina reduction will be less. Same goes for shields. Heavier armor multiplies the reduction by weapon and shield. Therefore in fighting will have a ph and stamina. Weapons, shields and armor have durability. They can also be tempered/improved. PvE will be within suitable level ranges, but PvP can exist between any level (for fun and greater xp awards). Weapon and shield will wear down at each hit and become weaker with every blow (three four matches at same level). Armor can last a bit longer. But the game should be set up so that the player can't max out his equipment after every match,( about every six matches or so. If anybody likes this idea and would like to use it, all I ask is that you PM me so that I can give you the full idea and then you can decide how it goes from there."
c0nw46,E3 2020 predictions,E3 2019 was pretty lackluster with a bunch of cinematic trailers so what are some games you'll like to see at E3 2020? Its never to early to predict \n\n- EA Fight Night \n\n- Open World Skateboarding Game \n( Similar to Steep ) \n\n- New Batman game by Rocksteady or another DC character ( Wonder Women please ) \n\n- New Quantic Dream Game \n\n- Assassins Creed : Ragnarok \n\n- New Splinter Cell \n\n- Horizon Zero Dawn 2 \n\n- Rockstar New IP \n( Medieval Era or Sci-Fi themed ) \n\n- Ghost Of Tsushima  \n( new gameplay and release date ) \n\n- PlayStation 5 Reveal\n\n\nI don't think Bully 2 or GTA 6 are happening anytime soon so why not make a new IP?
c0nvlr,Mid Night - Japan,"This Game-Concept is the first Game Concept I had ever done in detail. Feedback would be appreciated! \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nGenre: Racing/Simulation\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis Game is not the typical Racing Game, the Game ""Mid Night - Japan"" is a Racing Game in Japan, Tokyo (More about the Map later) set in the 1980s. The Game has a Story Mode and a Multiplayer Mode, which are Completely disconnected from each other. Also, the Game features 2 Difficulties which make up totally different Story/MP experiences. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nChapter 1: The Story\n\nThe Story is about a young Japanese Businessman (Player) who has a secret Hobby of Driving Street races in Tokyo, he is well-known amongst the Amateur Racing Scene, on one Day the Japanese Police captures about 4 Street Racers, charged for Murder. The News is big, the Photos on the Newspapers too, that's his 240SX on the Main Page! His Wife unintentionally stumbles upon his Secret Workshop and his 240SX, she Divorces and the Street Racers kick him out of the Gang, thinking he was involved in the Murder. In the next Days he Suffers from Depression and loneliness. He occasionally drives alone on the Bayshore Route, knowing the Streets are often empty. One Night he gets involved in a High Speed Race, driven by the Mid Night Club. His 240SX cant keep up with the Drivers, at the End of the ""Race"" he asks the Guys at the Finish Line who the hell they were, they just Replied ""Tokai JCT, Midnight tomorrow"" and drove as Quickly off as they can, hearing the Police Sirens in the far. On the next Night, they told him who they were, the Secret Mid Night Club, the Young Man was amazed. The Story continues with the Guy trying to get into the Club, driving Street Races and Tuning Cars. \n\nThe Story has both Difficulties, but the Hard one doesn't features the ""Repair on the Fly"" Mode, for Playable Reasons. Fu\*k up ur Car? Restart the Race. No Rewind Function!\n\n[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRt56Y9JMEg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRt56Y9JMEg)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nChapter 2: Multiplayer\n\nThe Multiplayer is, as I mentioned before, completely Disconnected from the Story Mode. In MP, the Player tries to get on top of the Tokyo Leader board, driving Races against other Players. The Player can get out if his Car and interact with it, break it? OK Repair it on the Spot! Don't have the Tools? Ask other Players! There are Meeting Rooms for Cars and Players throughout the World, Workshops and Player Homes. \n\nActivities:\n\n\- Sprint Race\n\n\- Drift\n\n\- Driver Meeting\n\n\- More to Come...\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n2 Difficulties: \n\nEasy: \n\n\- Simple Repair System, no tools needed, one Click Repair with Money\n\n\- No Ordering of Parts online\n\n\- Arcade Like play style\n\n\- ""Upgrade Based"" Tuning System (Similar to Forza Horizon/NFS)\n\nHard:\n\n\- Assetto Corsa/Project Cars like Car handling\n\n\- Realistic Physics (For Example Crashing like Beam NG, but not that Extreme) \n\n\- Realistic Repair System, need to Order/Buy Tools or Parts in Shops or Online to Use them on your Car\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe Game also Features:\n\n\- Players design their own Home, need to buy Furniture\n\n\- Players can get to in Town Shop's to change their appearance and Buy Cars/Car Parts\*\*\n\n\- Salvaging/Scrap Yard System, with a bit of luck you will find Cool Cars/Car Parts on the Scrapyard, you can Dismantle Cars to use their Parts on other Cars. \*\*\n\n\- Tuning/Building System is a Mixture of Automation and Car Repair Simulator\*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nA Bit about me:\n\n\- 16 Year Old German\n\n\- Looking forward to being a Game Developer/Designer one Day\n\n\- Addicted to Racing(Games), FPS, RPG's, Strategy and of course... City Building Games! (who doesn't?) \n\n\- Would like to learn more about Game Development :P \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou can imagine what more there is to come, Day to Day I will work on this Concept, lets see how it Goes out, Leave Some Comments/Feedback also thanks for Reading and I hope you will have a Wonderful Day ;)"
c0izih,Pokemon Gen 11,"I know Sword and Shield is Gen 8, but there's a reason for Gen 11.\n\nYou start the game up, and you're introduced to Professor Oak (although he looks a bit different from the original Oak). You tell him if you're a boy or a girl,  and you start in Town A to pick up your standard starter. While the primary type of the Starter pokemon has a Rock-Paper-Scissors formation in one direction,  their fully evolved forms have their secondary type in the other direction. \n\nYou start your journey as normal, catching new Pokemon, and fight your first gym.  After beating your first gym leader,  the game saves and quits, taking you back to the Start Menu.\n\nYou start the game up, and you're introduced to Professor Wood. You tell him if you're a boy or a girl,  and you start in Town Z to pick up your standard starter. While the primary type of the Starter pokemon has a Rock-Paper-Scissors formation in one direction,  their fully evolved forms have their secondary type in the other direction. \n\nHowever, there's another trainer in Town A(located on the opposite side of the region) who also gets to pick their Pokemon today, and because you woke up late,  they got to pick their starter first. You're okay with that, though, and you pick your Starter Pokemon.\n\nYou start your journey as normal, catching new Pokemon, and fight your first gym.  After beating your first gym leader,  the game saves and quits, taking you back to the Start Menu.\n\nThe Start Menu now has 2 options for Continue: play as character ____ from Town A, or character ____ from Town Z(For the rest of this, I'll refer to them as Ayy and Zee).\n\n\nThe game allows you to choose between playing as Ayy or Zee, but when you reach a significant part in the story with one character(e.g. beating a Gym Leader, getting rid of Evil Team base, etc.), you save and have to work with the other save file next to reach their equivalent location in time, before it allows you to choose.\nAyy and Zee"
c0hvfy,"Discussion: filling the ""neopets"" niche in singleplayer","i would guess that a lot of us played neopets when we were younger... it was pretty fun, right? just a place where you could sign in, mess around, and come out with all sorts of cool and exotic trinkets, almost all of which did something useful somewhere on the site.  \n\n\nthere's plenty of similar (or rip-off) BROWSER-based games, but i'm wondering if the niche can be filled in something singleplayer. i know there's a lot of petsims out there, but i would say they're not quite the same: they tend to focus just on caring for the pets, whereas in neopets it felt more like the pets were companions as you explored the world.  \n\n\nconversely though, taking it into singleplayer could take a lot of the elements people enjoyed away. plus, a huge feature was the sheer QUANTITY of games and features on the site, which could be impossible to do if you were to make this an offline game, not to mention the herculean workload it would involve, and there may not be a good substitute.  \n\n\nas i said in title, what i'm hoping for is to get the ball rolling on some discussion. thoughts?"
c0hlwd,Investigation game concept," \n\n&gt;Hey guys, after some absence from developing I am willing to start a new game during my vacations, I've written the initial concept of it and would love to hear suggestions, what do you guys think about it or what would you like for an investigation game to have:  \nStory:  \nThe story will be about a pair of detectives, a 30-year-old former police officer and a 16-year-old girl who came under his tutelage after being rescued orphaned from an operation. Although she still does not fully understand her abilities, the girl has a medium dowry and is able to access the memories just before death, under certain circumstances, of newly dead humans; the pair went on to use this gift to solve well-covered crimes that are difficult to solve, reproducing murders and generating evidence against the real culprits. The story will be divided into chapters and the construction of the characters, as well as the relationship between the two, will be built with the passing of the chapters. The climate, seemingly heavy initially, is constantly broken by the girl's interventions and ironic dialogues between the two, always being the development of the characters. Upon reaching the climax of the story, the player discovers that the girl, in fact, is investigating on his own the death of his pair, who was not aware during the game that had died.  \nMechanics:  \nThe game will take place on two main axes (investigation and flashback), the investigation, from the perspective of the detective, is the time of collecting items and building information on the case; in flashbacks (unleashed by the girl), the player controls the girl living the last moments of life of the victim, moments of the game of conflict and escape.  \nWill look forward building the concept via feedback!"
c0h7iz,(VGC) Into Hell,"A WW2 soldier survival game. You play as Johnathan Rodriguez, a 19 year old Paratrooper in the 101st Airborne who is dropped into Nazi occupied France. However a combination of coming under AA fire and errant winds, Johnny finds himself 50 miles behind enemy lines. Armed with only an M1A1 Carbine, M1911A1, a knife, and two grenades, he'll have to sneak, kill, and survive  his way through 50 miles of Nazi infested countryside back to friendly territory. \n\nGameplay and mechanics:\nGameplay will be similar to Metal Gear Survive but actually good this time, using the same perspective, controls, and engine. Stamina and hunger mechanics will be similar to MGS3 (physical activity will drain the stamina bar, stamina can be recovered by eating food, full stamina bar will positively affect health bar, and vice versa). \n\nThere will be no crafting as I feel like it's extremely overdone  however there will be scavenging for supplies and light building.\n\nBuilding will be limited to digging a fighting hole to sleep in and making a campfire. Scavenging for supplies can be done almost anywhere in the world (meaning you don't have to go collect a box or search a specific area, you could literally dig up a random spot on the ground and depending on location &amp; luck, be able to find something. Or dig through rubble you run into). \n\nThe environments you see will be mainly three types. \n\nForest: Woods densely packed with trees\nRural: Flat farmland w/green pastures and meadows\nTowns: Urban areas filled with paved streets and cobble houses \n\nDepending on location, time of day, difficulty, and luck, different tiers of food, water, ammo, weapons, and clothes can be found in each environment.\n\nLuck is basically an RNG but it only affects the results of things .5% of the time, meaning that if there's something that can be affected by luck, there's a .5% it will be (good or bad luck that is). Whenever luck comes into play, the player will out right pass and be rewarded, or fail and be punished. \nThe luck mechanic can be disabled in options.\n\nThe main objective is to get back home, however you can also complete alternate goals as well. Gathering intel on enemy positions, rescuing civilians and captured soldiers, disabling enemy artillery, assassinating high ranking officers, etc. However with each alternate goal completed that isn't information gathering, the Nazis will become more aware of your presence and upgrade their defenses, patrols, weapons, soldiers, and tactics. \n\nYou could literally just gun it towards the end, not stopping for anything except resting and eating and finish the game within 3 in-game days. \n\nOr you could hamper the Nazi war machine CONSIDERABLY (SPOILER: it's possible to make a push towards Germany by rallying the resistance, civilians, and scattered POWS, ending the war 2 years early). \n\nThe world isn't exactly open more like spread into ""levels"" albeit huge open ones. Similar to MGS 3 or MGS Peacewalker. For example, you're walking through a forest and go through the exit towards town. A transition/loading screen will show you walking the distance to town and will go away when you get there. However within these ""levels"" you could explore all you want. \n\nThis is my VGC hope ya like it!"
c0fc0p,Story ideas are not game ideas,"So many people post their story ideas here calling them game ideas.  \n\n* You're a superhero who turns into a supervillain - comic book/movie idea\n\n* You're a nazi officer who realises what's going on and becomes a rebel - movie idea\n\n* You're a robot in the future who uncovers the truth about robot society, that it's secretly being run by these things called humans - movie idea\n\nThese are not game ideas.  They're stories."
c0ezp1,Downright Evil Protagonist,"I'm sure this as been said before, but I've had this idea for years. I want to be as concise yet detailed as possible. This is the game I want to make.\n\n* I want a main character, MC, to be an evil ruler of an evil empire. I want it to be an action fighting game that is story focused on the MC's battle against the Good Guys™, the GG™.\n* I don't want any hero routes, I don't want the MC to have a ""twagic backstory uwu"". I want the MC to be the kind of person you'd want to be friends with, and if you didn't know they were evil you'd think they were the kindest, funniest person in the world. \n* I want the MC's ascent to power to be preventable, I want the player to go ""why did no one notice, why did no one stop them?!"" I want the player to know none of this had to happen if people just paid attention.\n* I want it to be story/character focused, but the fighting to be free combat, where you can run around and attack as you please. The objectives will entail the player to be forced to kill, mutilate, and tear families apart, physically and metaphorically. I want the player to feel in the wrong.\n* You'll get to know the GG™, which might be around 5 people, where you'll see their motivations, past, and families or lack thereof. I want the player to sympathize will them and want to be on their side.\n* And I want the player to be the person who tears them apart. I want all 5 to be killed in special ways that relate to their past and their motivation. (Like one character has to be a soldier to support their family, but wanted to be a musician. They do it as a hobby when they can but a song they write becomes famous. They die to their song being played on the radio.)\n* There will be a part where the MC gets bored or is ""off the job"" where they go out into the town where they act normal. They tip the waitress, have a meaningful conversation with an old lady or child, go shopping for normal thing, but you go back to that same town and kill the people you talked to and burn the restaurant.\n* Before things get really messed up, I want their to be a point where the player is convinced the MC is going to become good. It would be teased to the point where you think it's going to be revealed, but all that's revealed is the MC is actually more evil than the player thought.\n* Possibly the players top underling grows to have a personal vendetta against them, and they corner the MC saying that they have to kill a child/younger sibling of the GG™ to prove they aren't having second thoughts, and a GG™ just had emotional conversation with the MC where they said they could use their talents for good and the MC is having inner conflict, or anything invoking a reaction that MC hasn't shown before. It would show the MC contemplating and right when you think they're good, they kill the child and then kills their underling.\n* The ending would leave everyone dead and the world in shambles, and the MC may or may not die as well. I think it'd be satisfying to see them die, but the player wouldn't get to do it themselves. Like the MC descends into madness and kills themselves in a cut scene. I want the MC to be the one who ends themselves if they die at all.\n\nI imagine the MC to be androgynous, with shoulder length hair and be around 180 cm/5'11"". I'd want the MC to be canonically a girl, since that's just how I imagine them, but I would want them to be mostly androgynous. I want it to be voice acted in cut scenes and some voice acting in normal dialogue. The GG™  \nteam might consist of blond jock, loli, old man, girl™, nerdy fat guy but would have twists to their personality to make up for their trope-ish personalities.\n\nIf this game was ever made, I don't think I could bring myself to play it. It seems too messed up and I'd definitely be too sad to finish it. But I want a game that where you aren't a hero or even an anti-hero, but a downright evil protagonist.\n\nI may or may not give the MC a right hand who's obsessed and in love with them and MC takes advantage of that or falls into some messed up love with them. The MC would kill them in the end, which the love interest would be fine with, and then kills themselves along with them and say something like ""You were the closest thing to normal in this abnormal life of mine."""
c0d3ek,"I want some ""retro"" and simple ideas for my first game! (NES/SNES-based)","Im starting now at gamemaking, so I want some simple and retro ideias that would be easy to make.  \n\n\nHowever, I want some original Ideas or ""new"" gameplay, not a Super Mario clone."
c0b56k,(VGC) A world which is constantly shifting and randomizing,"Of course, this would be our friend perlin noise at work and in reality we could have it to where a set of about six or so rooms swap out at random but let players map these rooms and have the map reset the first time they explore the room but then make to to where every time after that second exploration they keep the map.\n\nWhere this would work: It would be fun to give players a sense of deja vu when entering a room they've forgotten about only to later reveal to them that they had in fact been there before.\n\nWhere it wouldn't work: If there were unique or rare collectables exclusive to that room, meaning they would be forced to wait for the room they wanted to show up before being able to get said collectable.\n\nYes, this did have some inspiration from Maze Runner."
c0atml,Win Condition for Horror GMOD game?,"DISCLAIMER: This is a Garry's Mod game so I don't know if it belongs here, but idk where else to post it.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMy friend and I have been developing a horror, 80's Slasher inspired gmod game for awhile now. We've gone through countless playtests, map tests, and addon tests to try and find the best combination to make it the scariest it can be. We have the entire game sorted out except for one detail. How do the players win? We've tried ""eliminating all the enemies"" didn't work. ""Find the exit"" too easy. ""Collect objects"" took way to long. Anyone have any ideas?\n\nThe map is a tunnel maze with many twists and turns, and 6 killers spawn inside (Freddy, Micheal, Leatherface, Chucky, Ghostface, and Jason) who are all hunting the players."
c03mcb,Masquerade (VGC) Video Game Concept,"Your a CEO of a company that has risen above the ranks of average society, into the apex of power, notoriety and wealth. Your invited to the inner circle, members of the highest society who throw parties for the best, but just not any kind of party. Here is where you choose your mask, the ego that represents your outside image, how the world sees you. You customize your personal mask that represents you as the character in life. Than you wear the mask at the party and mingle with others who share your social class.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOnce you greet a fair amount of members that welcome you to their inner circle, the ceremony begins. In the center of the room, an effigy appears to be the sacrifice, to shed your identity as a commoner, an awaken your true self. That being the mask you are wearing, slowly you start to feel the mask molding to your face, but you do not conform to such madness, So you rip off your mask and see part of your flesh glued to the mask. Everyone else starts to laugh at you and some are shocked that you declined their offer.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nNext you realize that the masks that the members are wearing are their actual faces, the faces they express in the world are fake, but their real faces have always been their masks. Now they see you as a threat and there is no where to run, but you still push forward to find a way out of this nightmare. You run into the kitchen pushing through the crowd of people and witness another gruesome sight, humans are being chopped up and being eaten by pig chefs, you see a door that leads into the basement and head through there.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIn the basement are cages where people are found, you remember the news broadcasts the night before about missing people, this is where they are found. You unlock their cages but they only can distract the members, some do follow you but not very far. The further you go in, the more truths appear, how history was a lie since from the very beginning, how power creates madness, in the end you face a dark circle, within a cage, surrounded by seats of onlookers awaiting your change into madness cause once you face the darkness, there is no return to the light of the world.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThere is no hope for you, so you give up, you descend into the depths of hell to face the challenges to regain your body back, to gain power to fight the darkness that surrounds you, you must find the Illumination that will break the darkness from within. Once you return from your challenges and gain that power, you wake up and face baphomet whose been holding you down since the very beginning. Once you defeat him, all the members show their true self's in the world and the age of the old world ends, to begin a new world without darkness."
bzxokj,Dynamic Questing for MMO,I had this idea back in the Ultima Online heydays to script dynamic quests it was a bit tricky at the time with current technology it should be easy.\n\nIn order to make questing more immersive you use an analytical engine similar to the one in unity to track player timelines \ online activity.\nThe system would recognise  two players with similar gaming timelines and online activity and vitals such as levels etc.\n\nThe system would pair the two individuals (or more) and then activate a question between the two players requiring them to meet in the game and exchange tokens of sort in order to complete the quest.\n\nThis is what I call dynamic questing. \n\nGiven information such as online activity players have a finite amount of time to find the other individual(s).\nThis would be something like quest expiry.\n\nPlayers are allowed minimal /m chat but would get prompts from bartenders etc. at inns as to last seen location.\nVarious degrees of difficulty can be tuned based on more or less clues.\n\nSample\n\nPlayer A always grinds for around 1 hour in location x\nPlayer B typically grinds at location Y for about an hour but typically do about 30 minutes of prepping &amp; selling gear from the previous night.\n\nPlayer B get’s a prompt for quest to start via item on a kill or NPC calling him in town (yes it would require to pay attention to speech bubble etc).\nPlayer B engage and is provided with generic vitals of player A “There roams a warrior in location x find him for a plan to forge a weapon X” (accepting quest at this point)\n\nPlayer A kills a creature and pickup a plan for weapon X (since quest was accepted).\nPlayer B fast travel to closest area and starts exploring to find player A (remember he doesn’t know the name of the player) to prevent direct msg in chat for exploits.\n\nPlayer a finds player B and quest is over rewarding both. You could have mutual benefits etc.\n\nWhat do you think?
bzxezx,Misguided acolytes (based on Game of Thrones),"*Gameplay is more suited towards a Assassin's Creed fighting style - a sandbox game that takes place in a similar timeline as the TV Series.*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou begin by choosing a faction\n\n* Lord of light warrior\n* or Many faced god rogue\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Iron Bank of Braavos**\n\nYou require gold; the Warrior will destroy and plunder everything in his way; the Rogue will disguise him/herself as a Braavosi - stealing only the most valuable items\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**High Garden**\n\n* You've earned yourself a reputation, the Lord of light warrior is greeted with armed guards. After each battle, you set the gardens ablaze until the whole city is destroyed and in flames.\n* Many faced god rogue is disguised as a House Tyrell guard and has to make his/her way undetected to the target/s\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**The Wall (Nights Watch)**\n\n* Warrior: through the dark and cold Keep you make your way to the Lord Commander. Enemies sneak up on you, but as you light up the fires, the more visible they become.\n* Rogue: a travelling merchant passing through and selling his/her wares, you make your way to the Lord Commander by poisoning your targets\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Kings Landing**\n\nYou require the Kings influence:\n\n* the Warrior crushes Lannister forces and burns the city as he moves along. The King bows down to you, but there will be no kingdom to rule as the city is on fire, and on wildfire! The second half of gameplay is escaping.\n* the Rogue sneaks all the way up into the Iron Throne room, assassinating the King and taking on his appearance\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Winterfell**\n\nThe final stop:\n\n* The Rogue, disguised as the King (or Queen) is greeted by the \[Warden of the North\] - the objective is to make a private audience with the \[Warden of the North\] for a sneaky kill. You play a series of games to grab his/her attention (or affection).\n* The Warrior. Having destroyed Kings Landing - the next best alternative is Winterfell. You tame a Direwolf as a pet to assist you in battle against the Starks. Upon defeating the \[Warden of the North\] the gamer has a choice:\n   *  burn down the Weirwood tree (a symbol of another faith) \n   * or leave it be out of respect \n\n...either way your character is a lost cause 😂"
bzwmor,The best idea for a battle royale idea ever; Highlander: Princes of the Universe," Ok check this shit. A battle royale style game based on the Highlander film. The game would be loosely based on the first film's 'Gathering' scenario, of a group of immortal warriors fighting for 'the Prize', an ultimate power.   \n\n\n100 people spawn into 16th Century Scotland, on random places in the Scottish higlands. Armed with different basic swords that can be customized (eg. if you wanted a katana, or a longsword or something), each character has to find and kill others, absorbing their power through the 'Quickening' process by beheading them after damaging them enough. As more and more people are killed, the larger the Quickenings become, signalling player locations. Eventually, as each player is killed, the map will become smaller, but not through a killing field system, but instead the world shifts to different time periods following every 20 kills, moving from 16th Century Scotland to 17th Century Japan at 80, to 18th Century England at 60, to 19th Century Spain at 40, finally bringing it to 20th Century America at 20 people. When only two people are left, they are taken to the room in Silvercup Studios where Connor and The Kurgan from the film fought. When the last person is left standing, they win 'the Prize' in the form of in-game rewards, possibly cosmetics, and a boosted experience to the player's level.   \n\n\nGameplay-wise, the players have two states – standard, currently fighting in the battle, and defeated, a weakened state where others players can behead them to kill them for good. The defeated state can be recovered from, but it takes time and the players health will not regenerate over time, leaving them with 25% health, less on multiple recoveries. When the player beheads another player, they gain a quickening, giving them higher stats in terms of strength and DPS. Every player starts at the base stat level, no matter their overall level on their profile, in a new session. Players can find new weapons to use, such as rarer swords that have special properties, or throwable weapons such as daggers or ninja stars. In terms of the combat, there would be light and heavy attacks, and blocking mechanics á la For Honor, along with a lock on system for one-on-one fights, but in terms of a multi-battle, the system would be more akin to something like Chivalry, with free-form combat instead.     \n\n\nFeel free to suggest more stuff for this, me and a bunch of friends just started to brainstorm this idea."
bzwl4r,Need feedback to flesh out an exploration game,"**Concept:** You're a research scientist sent to a newly discovered planet to take dna samples of the species that inhabit it. Both plants and animals. There's no combat in the game, all you have at your disposal is your scanner that populates with information about each species as you observe it, the AI in your research station, and your tranquilizer gun that can help you grab a sample from dangerous or speedy animals. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou could use the trang gun to get yourself out of danger if something tries to attack you, but it may not always work on each species (you can modify it with natural chemicals found in the plants you discover to make it more accurate on specific animals)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThere's a bit of a story to go along with the game, but I won't bore you with the whole thing. The cliffs notes is that your home planet is slowly dying and all these research missions are searching for somewhere that would be a suitable second home. However, the planet you're assigned to isn't exactly what it appears to be and as you continue to explore you find certain things that make you question where you are, when before, you thought this was simply a random place your team was lucky enough to stumble on, close enough to your eco system that holds potential.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMy issue here so far is that while I'd like this to be a relaxing, story driven game, there also doesn't seem to be enough core gameplay to keep it interesting. Is it enough to wander around a beautiful landscapes and multiple biomes and discover new creatures and plants? Or would you be thinking...but what else can I do? The concept might seem big, but the actual gameplay is very small.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI have experience with Unreal Engine and could eventually make this a reality if I didn't have such a mental block when it comes to this.  Just looking for a little bit of feedback.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf this sort of relaxing, easy going game is something you'd be interesting in, then what else would you hope to be able to do other than take your samples and make your observations? Hopefully I'm explaining this correctly, and big thanks to anyone that comments."
bzsoum,An possible phone game," **concept:**\n\n* connect 4 (Dr.Mario) type gameplay\n* strategy based town building\n* resource management (resources gotten from the connect 4 game used for the town building)\n* boss battles unlock new powers in the connect 4 game\n\n**Main goal:**\n\n* rebuild the whole city and defeat the main boss (need to build the portal to get to him)\n\n**side goals:**\n\n* town people give requests like building town buildings, collecting x number of resources or making combos in connect 4 part of the game\n\n**Connect 4:**  \n\-  5 types of blocks, each gives different recourse\n\n\-wood\n\n\-stone\n\n\-food\n\n\-gold\n\n\-iron\n\n* replay possible but yields less resources\n* bosses use the ability you get from them\n* upgrading buildings can lvl up abilities\n\n**town building:**\n\n* each building requires different resources\n* buildings produce resources over time and some upgrade abilities\n* buildings can be upgraded to increase their production"
bzskf0,Need VR game ideas,"So I’m going to a camp next week to learn to make VR games and they said have an idea in mind of what to make, but I have none so can any of you help?"
bzs86y,My small 2d roughlike idea,"I had a game idea pop in to my head while playing Dark souls and I wanted to make it so bad but I am not that good at programing but if anyone is willing to pick this up I am more then happy to help by expanding on the idea and helping with art and other things (I know a little bit  of coding but I'm not the best).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nmy idea is a 2d roughlike top down game where the main mechanic of the game is that your character doesn't have any special weapons like a gun and things like that but rather he has a sword (or a stick) that can reflect enemy  projectiles meaning the only ability to hurt enemies is by putting yourself in the way of there projectiles (which would be big and noticeable like in bullethell games) and reflecting them back at the enemy, as you progress through the game you get more abilities like maybe splitting bullets in half and making them fly around or even levels can be made to incorporate this like walls that reflect the bullets giving you the ability (or even making the level necessary) to complete them by reflecting one projectile multiple times. I have a made a story for the game that would explain weapon and I made some art for it which can be used for it would love to see what others think of this and one day possibly make it alone or with someones help."
bzs1nx,A game about a patient (you) trapped in a procedurally generated Asylum?,"Imagine this. \n\nYou’re rushed to hospital after a serious accident. You awake in bed alone and clueless as to how you got there. You search nearby rooms and halls looking for someone. As nightfalls you realise theres nobody but you. You decide to escape but find there is no way out. You lose all hope and sense of direction. You slowly start to lose your mind and realises your not alone. Unable to trace your steps to where you awoke. Your only objective is to survive and find answers. Now the game begins. \n\nA  action horror survival game pvpve \nYou fight spirits, other worldly creatures, and other players.\nYou move through a procedurally generated asylum gathering supplies and crafting weapons only limited by your imagination. Certain weapons only work on certain enemies. I.e physical (bullets) only works on other players and creatures where as radiation weapons or plasma works on spirits ect. With boss battles. claustrophobic and Open areas. Outside forest areas and basement levels. You won’t be able to see spirits but you’ll see their affect on the environment and hear their voices. \n\nIt’ll have a back story for everything but it won’t be told directly you have to piece it together yourself with little bits of information here and there. Like dark souls games. a large majority of the game will be generated but that’ll be the grinding part. 2 player co op or 2v2v2ve \n\nThis is just a basic run down of it. I’ve thought about it quite a lot. Don’t hate pls. Tell me what you think?"
bzrs81,I have a design doc for a game I call Manent.," I'd really like some general feedback. I feel like if I had the motivation I would make this myself, but right now I am sorely lacking, and so I want to know what others think to hopefully give me some. The design doc isn't especially fleshed out and I do intend on editing it further.\n\nI think that the premise and ideas would need experienced game devs (or a hell of a lot of passion), but I don't think it'd be considered AAA or anything.\n\nLINK: [Notepad file (via google drive)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yL3UUZE4unn4ZvnrIZq9fD62s_57v2gB/view?usp=sharing)"
bzpv26,Espionage Management Game,"A game where you select an intelligence agency and have to train up spooks and send them on various missions (assassinations, destabilization actions, coups, paramilitary operations, sabotage, reconnaissance, surveillance, interrogations, prisoner exchanges, industrial/military espionage missions,) you use accumulated funds (coin) to buy new safe houses or set up op centers at various friendly consulates and embassies. Game would have a very “cutesy” ironic graphic design more along the lines of Tiny Tower, Pocket Planes, or Seaport.\n\nInclude some RPG elements for the player and their units. Difficulty increases with proficiency.\n\nSpecial capabilities can be unlocked (satellites, drones) and specialized units (assassins, honeypots, hackers) offer various buffs to accomplish certain missions."
bzp74n,Phantom Breaker (VGC) Video Game Concepts,"A Hacker who exposes the Dark World of the Underworld, where he shines the light of day upon the shadows that stretch their tentacles across the world, into the layers of deep business that produces the tainted produce for wicked consumption. In this world, nothing is ever secret, even in the well respected image of power without any questions.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nLiam Baker, A Phantom Breaker, A master hacker who broke the seals of commerce for the consumer to witness the truth behind the inner workings of their products they purchase, Shutting down the Organ Trafficking Businesses, Human Trafficking Businesses, Arms Trade Businesses, Counterfeiting Businesses, Gambling and Racketeering Businesses, Shadow Invention Businesses, Etc. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nLiam Baker isn't the only Phantom Breaker, across the world there are many who work for the Group, as anonymous hackers who risk their lives in this world to expose how the world really works, but of course their is push back from their targets, they themselves have hackers and enforcers willing to sacrifice their lives to protect their lively hood, there has been a shadow war that has been going on for ages, trying to convince the majority of the population to side with one side to overthrow the other.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nLiam hides his face with a Neurotic mask, a mask that resembles Joy and Sorrow of the World, Joy for the lives we live without Sorrow and Sorrow for the lives we live without Joy, a meaning he understands that never ends. He alters his voice in the world, so he cannot be noticed by AI, only they can see his mask and nothing else. The whole planet is one whole city without borders, someone can easily get lost if they don't have technology to tell them where they are.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nLiam is trying to find the source of all chaos in the world, the entity that hides behind power and controls the elites of the world, for years he has been trying to piece together the bigger picture and follow the roots of them all to the center, the source of all that is wicked, if he can find it, maybe he can shut it down, but it may not be of this world, yet it seems to be connected to technology, in another space within cyberspace.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSoon he finds out that the moon is a satellite that receives a signal from a source outside the universe, that seems to be controlling the power structure of the planet and those who are at the top, those who are at the top are being used to prohibit mankind's natural evolution, to create an artificial one that has no freedom but order. Inside the elites, their souls are trapped, they are aware, but cannot control themselves, but the distant star controls them.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe only way to stop something like this is to fuse together the power of all hackers and hack the main system of operations across space itself and stop the distant star from prohibiting mankind's evolution from evolving. They have to use a really powerful satellite to reach the distant star and tap into its network to destroy it. Than once they are successful, than peace shall be restored, more better than it was before.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis is a fictional story I'm still working on, but this is a general idea on what I'm going for."
bzp5u4,Delusion," This game is mostly based on SAO (Sword art online). ""I know its cringe butttt..."" If you think about it. The idea of the game is beautiful. Imagine, you load up the game and you load this beautiful world where anything is possible. You can join in groups or guilds or even clans or run it solo. You fight AI monsters and bosses and gain weapons and armour and gadgets. You level up and gain stat upgrades and you could even choose the type of character you are like say (Assassin, Tank, Healer or maybe some cool name like dark assassin. The true aim of the game is to escape through a massive tower each floor has at least one boss and many monsters and each level gets harder and harder. Till it is impossible. It needs to be impossible because if someone beats the last boss the game is basically done. The game needs to be frequently updated and extra levels added and also when you die there should be consequences so the games even harder. New items too. The game will allow freedom to do what you want meaning it will kind of be like life its self meaning you could rob people or kill others. However you could also help others and possibly offer them an invite to your guild. There could be jails and jobs for money to buy items. Imagine the fun to be had when your playing with your friends and your taking on boss after boss. 1000 lvls! Maybe even troll and set traps on other players. The ideas are unlimited the competitiveness is what drives the game. The goal is to get greater and greater. Top of Top. Behold i bring to you the idea of, ""Delusion"". Hit me up if your willing to do this! lol"
bzoz2w,Insect civilization (sci-fi shooter based on The Lexx)[some image links],"# Perspective 1: (Humans; planet Earth) -first half\n\n*Story*: A scientist discovers a way to weaponize and enlarge insects. The results are good; food is plentiful and for the most part the people are happy.\n\nIn daily life:\n\n\- Bees produce nectar as an energy source\n\n\- Spiders produce thick webs for clothing\n\n\- Cocoon-building Insects produce shelters\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe focus in less on the insects but on what they produce and how that affects human interaction \n\n*Gameplay*: The technology is owned by Corporation Y, and as the Protagonist (1) its your job to prevent intellectual property theft (the thieves being the ""bad guys""). You later discover Corporation Y and the scientist are the main villains\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**QUANTUM BREAK IMAGE 1:**  [**https://i.imgur.com/euhIdA4.jpg**](https://i.imgur.com/euhIdA4.jpg) \n\n**QUANTUM BREAK IMAGE 2:**  [**https://i.imgur.com/m45XN7F.jpg**](https://i.imgur.com/m45XN7F.jpg) \n\n \n\n# Perspective 2: (Insects; planet Omega) - second half\n\nOn another planet the ""insects"" look quite different and human-like.\n\n The humans have used their insects and technology to invade planet Omega, as Protagnost (2) its your job to prevent them from doing so.\n\n**""BEAUTIFUL INSECTS"" FFX MAGUS SISTERS:**  [**https://i.imgur.com/ZnxQm91.jpg**](https://i.imgur.com/ZnxQm91.jpg) \n\n**THE LEXX - A WEAPONIZED INSECT SPACESHIP:**  [**https://i.imgur.com/wjCzLDv.jpg**](https://i.imgur.com/wjCzLDv.jpg)"
bzor9f,A dating game but you play as one of the options instead and you have to make the protagonist fall in love with you.,"(idk what flair describes ""i have no experience in making games but i want people to hear my ideas"")\n\ni will call the character that you will be trying to persuade ""the main character"" because i originally thought of the story as a parody for the dense harem protagonist. (there should be a secret ending where he tells them that he is actually gay)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**story**: \n\n\-3 succubi goes to a catholic school to persuade a male student to have sex. while the succubi are trying to know more about the main character, he told them that is a foreigner, and that his parents wanted to see if this country is a great place for him to stay, but due to his boredom and dissatisfaction, he will move back to his home country on october 15.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**gameplay**:\n\n\-you start on july 6 and the story ends on september 15 so you have 2 months to persuade him. (idk if this is too long or too short)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\-there are 3 playable characters and 3 unplayables:\n\n \-when you pick a character, the other 2 will try to get closer to the main character and try to get you away from him. but you can get them caught using the 3 unplayables to hinder them when they appear. \n\n \-and there are 3 other characters that randomly appear next to the main character. they will not try to hinder your relationship with the main character but when you mess up a task with them in the scene 3 times, they will try to prevent you from getting further into the relationship, but they will not always appear. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\-each day gives a different event:\n\n \-**Monday, Wednesday and Friday** (math class): this is where you get to freely interact with the main character without much interference, but some characters become exceptions.\n\n \-**Tuesday and Thursday** (pe class): the game will randomly give you 1-2 characters that you have to interact with.\n\n \-**Saturday** (free time): you get to choose scenarios, and they can either increase your relationship or sabotage the other characters \n\n \-**Sunday** (study or free time): you can choose whether you can interact with other characters or do a free interaction with the main character."
bzon92,Dining Room (VGC) Video Game Concept,"Your Vehicle crashes on the side of the road, there is no repair shop for miles to fix your vehicle, but there is a mansion close by that you travel towards that may house you for awhile, to take shelter from this downpour of rain. You ring the doorbell and you are greeted to an older woman that seems to be in her 60's whos appears to be the owner of the mansion. She agrees to house you under one condition, ""you must stay for dinner before you rest my dear"" she says.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou enter the dinner room where you are surrounded by paintings, each of the paintings interests you, creating an atmosphere that comforts you, the older woman returns to sit across from you at the table. You both talk about the paintings and the mansion itself. During your communication with her, the lights go out, than they go back on after a few minutes, you noticed that the paintings in the dining room have changed, there is no character within them, but you don't say anything about that.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nDinner is almost ready and the older woman asks you if you can retrieve the other guests who are in the mansion somewhere, she opens the other doors of her mansion for you to search for the other guests before dinner starts, the guests seem to be a little violent towards you, they despise the living, but soon enough you realize the guests are the characters in the paintings that disappeared.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou have to lure the guests in a blank canvas, to trap them within a blank painting to put them back in their paintings, in the canvas, you overlay the old painting with the trapped guest painting to return them to their own paintings, than your finished. Once you accomplished finding all the guests, dinner begins where you feast on a banquet, a lavish dinner celebrating your acceptance in becoming an art piece yourself, without you saying anything.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n The guests all start chasing you around the mansion, but now you have to destroy their paintings which are now scattered all over the mansion, besides them you have to destroy the older woman's painting to finally end the nightmare, but it wouldn't be just over yet. The Butler and Maid who served the dinner are the real owners of the mansion who trap you in their paintings, they are the original artists ever since the very beginning, you are now an art piece in their world."
bzkt3d,BJ and the Bear meets American Truck Simulator,"I still want to see a BJ and the Bear game..  use American Trunk Sim as a base then put in some third person/FP adventure with your monkey bestfriend as a tag team powerhouse! Try and make deliveries with bad guys trying to hop your 18 wheeler, save the girl, side quests and small towns. A guy can dream. Would be kind a PG version of GTA and would be a great 30 hour play through as the license is probably dirt cheap and the actor that played BJ is still alive to do some voice work.  A guy can dream.\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B._J._and_the_Bear"
c4ens5,The most mundane game ever! That I want to play.,"Basically I’m new to this subreddit, but I want to get this idea out there because I want to see if others would enjoy it! It’s a game set in a fantasy medieval era where you, the player, are tasked with...living the life of an average townspeople. Need I say more?\n\nNow you may be thinking why would that be fun? BECAUSE YOU’RE TAKING THE ROLE OF AN NPC! Still boring?-probably.\n\nIt is a first person game in the the vain of an elder scrolls title with survival elements such as a thirst and hunger meter along side a fatigue bar and an in game currency tab which can be increased by working jobs. These can be a lumber jack or a scribe and depending on which job you have chosen will effect you differently. Higher paying jobs grant more money but increases your fatigue more than lesser paying jobs however some jobs grant lesser payment and higher fatigue such as the lumber jack one. \n\nThe way a job can be earned is through study. At the start of the game you will be a young child and it will be your decisions in areas such as education and life that effect whether you become a great scholar or a measly wood cutter.\n\nThere would be a way to purchase housing too and settle down with a family of your choosing with another npc whom you must sway with gifts and trinkets to fall for you.\n\nThe gameplay like I previously mentioned would be more or less like a typical first person RPG interact buttons, item management, the lot. Except things like stealing and murder wouldn’t just attract guards to attack you then forget (no). You would often be imprisoned and possible sold just like in kenshi.\n\nFinally, here’s the best part. Seeing as how you are more or less an npc, well then there should be a “protagonist” a “hero” who just like in any RPG would barge into you home (if unlocked) and will take your hard earned items and smash your furniture just like any RPG player. Alongside this, they would pester you into non skippable dialogue and pretty much ruin you experience as much as they can.\n\nI would also like to mention monsters and enemies would also be present for the hero or the knights in your place of living to attack, alongside you if you are brave enough. And it would possibly be open world however I have not thought of how yet, other than if you are in search of a job not present where you are. Oh yeah and you can buy meals, homes, inns and more with the money you make."
c4aikb,Showing health,"Me and some people are making a game about a female bounty hunter and we want the hud to be pretty minimal, what is a good way to show how much health she has without just throwing in a health bar?"
c48t3x,A horror game where the monster is your childhood imaginary friend,"This is an idea that came to me a couple years back, but I’ve never really built upon. Basically, you play as someone who is haunted by an imaginary friend from their youth. \n\nThe reason for this is, after the MC stopped playing with their imaginary friend (most likely due to their parents’ concern for their mental well-being), the imaginary friend began tormenting the MC in the form of nightmares and hallucinations where it appears more monstrous instead of cute and cuddly.\n\nAnd that’s really the gist of it. I’m not sure what the goal would be, what the gameplay or mechanics would be like, Hell, I’m not even sure if this concept would be adapted well into video game form. It’s just a neat little idea I had."
c473gl,Need Horror Game Ideas,"Hello everyone, i'm Miles and i'm looking for ideas for a horror game. I've been doing game development for about 5 years now and I've always wanted to make a horror game but found myself struggling with coming up with a compelling idea. The other day I typed up a design doc for a horror game that takes place in an apartment, and you are being haunted by a spirit that you have to avoid contact with while solving puzzles, similar to PT but also totally different. I ended up scrapping this because I couldn't come up with a fun enough gameplay loop. Anyone who can either help me build off that idea or come up with a totally new one would be greatly appreciated.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSome things to keep in mind is that I am primarily a 3D artist, so a more complex environment should not be a problem, however I am just one person so I would like to keep the scope fairly small in terms of asset creation. Thanks in advance everyone!"
c414x3,Need simple game ideas,I’m going to be developing my first game. I want to stay small but I also want my game to be fun. I need some ideas and since I’m not great with coming up with good ideas I want any idea you have.\n\n(Please don’t tell me to make a game you will like. I’ve been told that many times and it never helped.)
c40waf,A Stress Releasing Mad God Simulation VR Game and A Heaven and Hell Gate Keeping VR Game,"I'd probably test this out in the future.\n\nA VR game where you can use your voice and controls to destroy  different settings as if you were god like.\n\nExamples.\n\nSetting #1 - A forest/island forest.\n\nIt's a big serene forest in that indie smooth polygonal style with large bodies of waters to each side of it. You look over it all on a cliff. Birds are chirping, deer and other wildlife are around and in the back drop of it all is a large mountain volcano. Using your controllers, there are options you can select to choose what you interact with. \n\nYou can select to use lighting. If you use your voice, the louder you get, the more chaotic the lighting becomes striking the land and causing fires. The sky becomes dark with black clouds whirling with wind in this VR experience. If you can't use your voice you can conjure black clouds by stretching your arms out and press and hold a button/grip button to form lighting in your hand and throw it down on to the forest like Zeus where ***BOOM*** explosions happen and lighting is striking all over the place and you see and feel the rumbling destruction.\n\nYou can select the volcano and use your voice to make in erupt in a huge explosion as you watch rocks and fire fly up and fall down on to the forest with powerful impacts all while the lighting is still coming down. You can use your controld to do something similar slowly rasong the controls up as if building pressure and then suddenly pushing up fast to make the volcano explode and have fire and smoke.\n\nYou can select an option to control the waves with each control. Sort of like a composer or some yoga breathing  where you raise your hands up and push them back down to cause momentum in the waves. Then you can throw them on to the forest and watch everything get destroyed and washed away \n\nI also have an idea for a option where you look to the sky and hold up your controls. They start to rumblecand after a few seconds you see a twinkle and a giant meteor breaks through the clouds in slow motion, you look down with your hands still in the air and look where you want it to land and throw your hands down. Time starts back up and you watch the meteor make a huge destructive impact with light and all.\n\n\nSetting #2 - Space.\nYour in the Solar System where you can choose between a few sizes of how big you are like earth being the size a base ball, beach ball and so on.\n\n You can grab two planets in each hand and smash them together with a wild dusty explosion (with sound even though it's  space.) You can select to have a baseball bat and hit the planets with it where they will explode into dust if you hit them hard enough. Maybe a sword where you could slice them into halves or pieces and grab and look at them.\n\nYou could grab a planet and you the trigger to slowly crush the planet into dust on your palm, or throw it at another planet or the sun to see what happens. You could set up for a asteroid to collide with earth or another planet and cause pandemonium. I have plenty of othere ideas for this one too.\n\nSetting #3 - War\nSimilar to the forest you can watch over a cliff or maybe stand in the middle of a crazy war between to countries. You can cause missles to rain down or throw bombs and watch people ragdoll around you. Maybe place mines or other things. And finally throw a huge nuke and watch it blow up in your face. This isn't fleshed ot yet, but it's something to consider.\n\nI have other settings like Super Sayain mode!(Use your voice to g super sayian in front of some alien villian and use ki blast and stuff to destroy him and more),Kaiju Mode (Godzilla) where you destroy cities and use powers and maybe fight monsters, Interactive Buddy VR, House Destruction, Super Villian (Similar to Kaiju but you have supermans powers), and so on.\n\n\nI have also had ideas on something like papers please for VR except your the guy at Heavens gate and it's very humorous with the people you talk to and decide whether they be in or not. If you suck, you end up as the gate keeper for hell and it turns out hell isn't that bad because heaven is super strict and holy while hell is kind of more chill and earth like. You run into the people you sent down there, and they're like ""well well well, if it aint the gate keeping guy. What, your not gonna let me into hell either?! It's game where the writing and comedy really matters.\n\nJust ideas I thought about"
c3qmmq,"My dream game ""The Tower"" MMOFPS","It would start with a short singleplayer story with the same mechanics, which will affect your starting stats in the MMO part.\n\nThe story: there is a planet with hyper-intelligent human-like aliens. You, as a human, are part or a research program and use a software to remotely control one of their kind to get informations from their biggest tech company.\nUnfortunately these aliens are aware of the existence of something that can control their people - they call them ""spirits"" - and the boss of the tech company captures you, frees the person you have been controlling and puts your spirit in a simulation called ""The Tower"" which is the multiplayer.\n\nThe multiplayer is kinda like minecraft multiplayer but not blocky and with weapons and vehicles; you can dig land, build/destroy buildings and craft materials/weapons/items.\nThe main objective is surviving, but there is no food/water because i find them annoying, so instead you die either by having your health drop to 0 or your money drop to 0, which decreases with time, but there are many methods to make easy money so it's not oppressive.\nThe world is procedurally generated and there would be more planets later on; it's full of animals and plants in various biomes and there is dynamic weather.\nThere is an housing system in which you claim land like in MC, you can make friends and form factions and you can engage in fights and war to claim enemies' land and resources.\nThere's a karma system that takes away money from players who grief or kill others, encourages to kill negative karma players, and rewards good players. \nYou start with the karma and money you had in singleplayer.\n\nThe unique thing about this game compared to countless other ones is the Tower: it's, well, a black tower that exists physically in the center of the world, infinitely tall, and it's extremely sturdy and its ""health"" regenerates almost instantly after being attacked.\nThe tower has various functions:\n-Hosts a market in which you can buy resources if you don't wanna find/craft them, and also sell useless stuff for some money.\n-Hosts custom maps: you get unlimited resources (like MC creative mode) to create your custom map which can be a minigame, a sculpture or anything else; you can then upload the map for a fee. Players can then go into these custom maps and the creator gets money everytime someone plays their map.\n-Generates hostile troops of NPC soldiers that roam around and randomly try to kill people; killing them rewards money and karma. They also have strongholds.\n-By being close to the Tower you passively gain money, so if you're close to dying because you don't have money and you're desperate you can go there and fight with other people who are as desperate as you.\n-Although the Tower is extremely sturdy it CAN be destroyed if many many people attack it at the same time. Doing so resets the world and puts whoever destroyed the tower in an hall of fame.\n\nThere are leaderboards for karma, current survival time, money, popularity in custom maps, and the hall of fame for destroying the tower."
c3pmme,Any Terraria like sandbox game ideas?,"\nSome game idea for a 2D tile based sandbox (like Terraria, Starbound or CREA), but with something different... Not just a copy. Any ideas are welcome...\n\nSorry for my bad English, I hope you undestand..."
c3pcbd,Online multiplayer game created by the players,Ok so this might be a weird concept but the game starts out with several games you can join which are just online multiplayer free roam games from different cities at different times in civilisation. So one server is london from the 1600s and one server is Ancient Rome and so on. Then there is also a part of the game which allows you to create your own city for other players to explore in and you create your own quests for the players and interactive places they can go to. This is probably impossible to make but I just think it would be cool to have one game where you can choose to roam around in any place from any period of time with quests to complete and also the option to join a player created world. Also I’m kind of high right now so this probably made no sense
c3m2xe,Roblox game ideas?,I'm looking to make a ROBLOX game. Any ideas?
c3m2ob,澳洲文凭购买|UoN学位证书|+微diploma899/纽卡斯尔大学毕业证成绩单/留信网认证一手资源Newcastle University diploma,"如何识别学历认证骗局？Q/微diploma8993/一手留信认证(全球招代理)我们以合理的价格提供这degree，Transcripts.典型的学位,文凭或证书包含客户提供给我们的信息.一对一服务包括毕业院长签字,专业课程,学位类型,专业或教育领域,以及毕业日期.不要忽视这些细节.这两份文件同样重要!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n 【说还能操作学历认证，高价假文凭的都是骗局不要信！各国高校教育系统早就联网了，教育部官网早就公示造假曝光公文了，不要被黑心中介榨干你的血汗钱\`\`现今骗子的套路越来越多，\n\n大家在咨询时需要格外谨慎，\n\n事先详细了解相关常识，\n\n学会识破黑心中介的手段和套路，及时抽身】\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n  留信网是留学生海外经历学籍管理平台，该平台系统收录了留学生境外的个人信息，包括学习年限、学习专业、学习科目、学习成绩、学历鉴定等内容，方便学生、家长、用人单位查询。\n\n  留信网是全面境外高校毕业生学历证书的网上查询平台。凡是在涉外高校接受境外远程教育，境外函授教育，境外游学教育，境外成人教育，境外网络教育，访问学者教育，荣誉证书、以及非学历学位教育证书等，都可以在该网查询。为社会上鉴别境外高校非学历各类证书的真伪可提供权威性的公示和鉴定。增强境外高等教育毕业证书的严肃性和真实性，有助于促进海外高等教育的可持续发展"
c3j7kw,Desolated Darkness,I thought of a game where a hate and sad filled child runs away from a small town where nobody cared about him or their children. After running starved for 3 days and at night he finds a small cave and and sleeps there for the night. After waking up he finds himself in a bare cottage and a warm bowl of soup and a 3 arm man opens the door and says he was the one who helped him after seeing him fall out of nowhere. With this place where the people are called Non-pures and all they are filled with a list for murder and hate mercy\n(Inspired by Undertale)\nI'm dead serious that I may make this into a rpg game I MIGHT I'm still creating the story
c3i0v1,Paint the Yellow Brick Road Red,"Oz is an underused location for video games. The world of oz is in the public domain, and while some aspects and likeness are not available for use (still owned by Warner bros I believe) the world and characters from the book are perfectly acceptable. Which makes it confusing to me why there are so few indie games taking advantage of this environment.\n\nSpecifically, oz is perfect for video games, especially arcadey ones. The environments are continually growing more interesting, filled with environmental hazards, and increasing difficulty.\n\nBut what would I do with it, if genocide the crap out of it. Imagine this, Dorothy gets swept back to oz, but this time she brings her fathers shotgun!\n\nStarting out in munchkin land, Dorothy begins blasting the living life out of everything she sees. But as she travels along the yellow brick road, going through enchanted forests, she gets power ups along the way, but also encounters deadly bosses such as the scarecrow, tin man, lion, various witches, and the great wizard himself.\n\nPersonally I wouldn’t mind if this game is a first person shooter like doom, or a twinstick shooter like hotline Miami, as long as the levels are creative with design, and the mechanics are fun. I understand that it would be easiest if it was made in the hotline Miami map editor, but I don’t really have the time nor the skill to do this. Sadly my genocidal tendencies against fictional races will probably never be satisfied."
c3hkr0,A multiplayer survival game where you start with stone age level technology and the highest tier technology is from the early iron age,"Basically the concept is that you start with flint tools then as you get better technology you get copper then to bronze then to early iron age,maybe at some point get the tech to invent basic farming so you no longer have to live like a hunter gatherer and maybe eventually tame and domesticate the wolf,goats cats and horses maybe,while all at the same time having to deal with creatures such as mammoths and saber-toothed tigers\n\nAlso I'm new to this subreddit so I dont know exactly if this post fits the rules correctly"
c36p6c,Hollow Dream (VGC) Video Game Concept,"A man is submersed deep within his own dreams through a car accident that left him comatose. In this dream world of his, all his fantasies appear innocent to him, until the clock struck midnight. The dream turned into a nightmare cause all the entities within his dream want to become him, to replace him and exist on the outside, instead of being dream actors/actresses to motivate him all through his life and continue to do so.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nRylen Miller is his name, an artist who now must face the imaginative world he created through his mind, in the dream he is trapped within the cage of his creations, even his childhood creations who are more menacing than the more recent sculptures. His childhood creations are the roots that hold Rylen down from escaping the caged dream world. He must face his demons before escaping the portal that is blocked off by these abominations, their pillars are blocking the entrance to freedom.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEach childhood creation resembles an event in his life that caused him to change his visions overtime, like the most childlike art piece, slowly becomes a more complex version with more detail than the previous because of the tragic experience that made him focus deeper into drawing (tragedy created his passion for art even more overtime). The final boss would be his most detailed creation, something that resembles himself as a whole, a monster that holds him back from what he can become without the draw back.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOne tragedy he faced was the death of his father who was killed by a flesh eating bacteria that devoured the insides first than reached out from within to the exterior of his body. That reflection created an abomination since childhood, a nasty parasite abomination dwells within his dream, trying to infect him and destroy him so one of the entities within him assimilates as him when he wakes up.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nA second tragedy involves an encounter with a rabid dog who bit him when he was a child, than he had to get a rabies shot to make sure he didn't get infected. A Cerberus type abomination resides in him, a dog with needles stuck to its body with razor sharp teeth that bleeds foam from its mouth, both blood and white foam. This dog wants to rip Rylen apart, it's not even hungry, just angry.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe third tragedy involved a Home Invasion that nearly ended him as a teen, his home was invaded by four individuals who ended up being the friends he once associated with and they bound him to the chair with his mother to ransack their home for all they can get buffet merchandise. One aimed a gun at his head and fired, but that was a dud bullet, he only did that to prove to him that he never even liked him as a friend. So they all took off with most of their stuff, before a neighbor called the police. This created a hooded abomination that wanted to take everything away from Rylen, abducting other entities and trapping them in a large fish bowl.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThere are more tragedies, but the final one is the most recent. Him being in a coma is the final tragedy that resembles him holding himself back from being awakened, defeating your past and finally facing your present will create your future, if you defeat your final abomination, you will awaken, but if you lose, your final abomination will become you, that being all the darkness that resides in you, transforming you into a murderer or psychopath that seeks to paint a new style of art. The true ending is conquering your past, settling your present, than becoming what you worked for all your life and creating even better art without anything holding you back.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIn the end, You defeated the object that disconnected you from yourself, no longer your fantasies yearn to exist on the outside, rather they can exist through your work knowing there is nothing that is in your way. Though you know that your not the only one facing similar dilemmas, there are many others who are trapped within themselves, to overcome is their true awakening."
c33ph2,Horror Action mix in which your main enemy is a cult,"As a special activities division of the local police you get sent into the local cult site in the woods, after you secured all the buildings on the surface a snall squad has to decent into a dark staircase discovered in one of the main buildings. \n\nThe gameplay could be tactical oriented to something like Swat 4 or the old Rainbow 6 games, with better gunplay of course. Or a more casual approach with just you the player alone going down. \n\nMaybe roguelike elements? Definitely a dark and gritty atmosphere, good ammounts of gore etc. \n\nAfter a certain depth is reached the locations get more surreal.\n\nI would imagine the locations as in some Lovecraftion stories and the movie Kill List. \n\nThe idea of facing a scary and monstrous-seeming cult with firepower is one of my favourite ideas (again referencing the movie Kill List)."
c33mq0,Idea for a new racing game,"**Concept:** \n\nA battle royal racing game that has many different classes of vehicles similar to classes in overwatch or apex legends in which each vehicle  has widely different characteristics, weapons, speed and strength. The idea is a mario kart style game in which there would be speed boosts, power-ups etc. but if you finish last in the lap you are eliminated and if you get destroyed then you are also eliminated. I was thinking of including shields, abilities for each vehicle, maybe cusomisation of load outs. The only issue I can think is you would be limited to around 20 people maximum otherwise it could end up being way overcrowded at the start. Maybe having multiple lives could also make it more enjoyable. The tracks would be fairly basic but i was thinking of maybe having a few rainbow road style maps where people fall off the side they are gone. \n\nI also had thoughts of each vehicle class having an ultimate ability if you get a certain number of kills or gain a certain amount of XP. So for example, one class would be a small tank which has a lot of armour, its main weapon is a cannon but its slower than other vehicles. Another could be a sports car fitted with machine guns, which makes it fast and weak. \n\nWhat do you guys think of a racing royale as a concept?  Or maybe even a normal multiplayer racing game with this class based system?"
c33a78,MOBA Manager in another world,"This is a long post but basically, a manager game (like football manager) managing a team of moba players and the story is isekai (tbh. just remove isekai)\n\nIdea:\n\nActually the idea goes like this: you play as a manager of a group of players, say knights (heroes/champions not the actual player-person), competing in a battle sports like football but instead a deathmatch like that of Battle Arenas.\n\nConcept:\n\nThe goal of the game is to manage your team to win in a small-scale battle arena/deathmatch.\n\nThere can also be other strategic game modes such as kill the captain, get the flag and golem war (where the goal is to kill the other team's golem while protecting your team's golem. see Rakion)\n\nIn the said match, the players/knights will respawn upon death and the team that gets the most number of kills win.\n\nGameplay:\n\nThese players are (obviously) AI and you can train them before the scheduled match. You can also assign them roles (melee, range, tank, magic, support), team formations, and positions (vanguard, foreguard, midguard, rearguard), teach them skills, pick their jersey armors, weapons, extend their contracts, and control their dietary rations (i.e. burger permanently increases health while salad temporary increases growth while training.)\n\nIn the actual match, you cannot control your players but instead you can change their formations, their positions, assign individual marks and movement directions and make subsitutions. The AI may or may not follow your commands depending in their stats.\n\nOthers:\n\nYou can also hire coaches to assist you in training moreover, you can also hire scouts for member recruitment and opponent-recon, nurse for ensuring fitness and health, smith for armor and weapon customization, chef for dietary rations, and bards for buffs and additional audience entertainment.\n\nFor further expansion, opposing teams can place their territories at stake in the match. Territories can give the team advantages like supplying materials for armors, weapons and rations or increase audience attendance.\n\nTraining can also be done in training camps located in these territories giving players boost in stat growth which the camp specializes on.\n\nI believe this can be expanded to multiplayer but all of this is just a raw idea right now.\n\nPlatform:\n\nThe actual match can be tabletop for mobile or isometric for pc. The management part can be simple point and click with some visual novel elements.\n\nSorry for the long post. Thank you for reading."
c32xcc,Simple Macro Empire Game,"Wanted to make something like this but need help refining the idea and simplifying it. \n\n**NAME:** Little Empire\n\n**MAIN MECHANIC:** Manage an empire through various economic, military, and social policies. Use money to develop your empire and conquer your enemies through culture or military.\n\nYou start off with a single square on a large board. Over time your borders expand and buildings pop up according to your policies. For example if you have military policies, forts might pop up on your borders, increasing your military control of nearby tiles. Then when you encounter other countries you begin to trade and spread your culture. If your military power greatly exceed's theirs your empire might declare war on its own. Should war shatter the peace, your empire begins to take over their tiles under their military strength is concentrated enough to defend. Or perhaps you grow war weary. For culture if your culture is strong enough you eat their empire. Yum! Or make them dependent on you for trade. So much that they fall into bankruptcy and break into small chunks.\n\n**SIDE MECHANICS:** Want to see if I can simplify into easier to make terms not harder.\n\n**STORY:** Would appreciate a story.\n\n**SIMILAR TO:** Risk, Sid's Civ, Age of Conquest...\n\n**ADVANCED FEATURES:** SIMPLIFY\n\nNot sure if this belongs, but it is the start of an idea. Just needs a lot of refining. And in case people didn't get the drift. Help me simplify into a few clear mechanics. This would be something like an idle game and civ. Maybe a bit more action than idle, and way simpler than civ."
c2zvvp,Apocalyptic open world bass building shooting looter,Like if state of decay 2 and borderlands fucked and division 2 and mad max fucked and then they fucked lol
c2yhjq,"Online PVP and PVE Tank game, Turnbase.","I can make this game with sorces I have...just no clue if it would be worth it\n\n6V6 teams, turn base combat, light tanks, meadum tanks, heavy tanks, arillerty tanks, and Tank Destroyers, all battling it out on different maps and objectives, rageing from capture a point on the map, to destroy the hostile stronghold, and escort an object to the other side of the map while being attacked by the hostile team. \n\ngo form tear 1 all the way up to tear 10, T1 being WWI tanks, T10 being modern day tanks. (of corse, they would be in that ""theme"" though, due to copyrights)\n\nEach tank would take 1 minuet maximum to make its turn, then it goes to the next tank"
c2wxaa,Ideas for a game with Procedural Loot?,"Just need some ideas to make a game around procedural loot, like Borderlands's Weapons or Diablo's Items, preferrably not open-world"
c2v367,Crying Nightmares,
c2txzv,post apocalypse game with UE4,"Hi guys i'm thinking to create post apocalypse with these kits\nhttps://youtu.be/YrbuAIU-K4E\nhttps://youtu.be/97IjMxlzGT0\nAny ideas for a game create with this kits for ( Gameplay,story..etc)\nThanks"
c2r4il,Weed Van Mod for GTA,"Cheech and Chong Player models and Weed Van.\nRetextured bat to be joint, lights foes on fire. Instead of beer it's a joint, and you gain superpowers."
c2nn4a,Hells Kitchen VR,"5 people cook, 1 is the Gordon Ramsay.\n\n\nYou know what happens next."
c2mbgr,A game where you infiltrate ships,"In this game you are dropped on deck of a steampunk ship and have to make your way deeper into the metal beast to find it's power core, destroy it, and escape before it explodes. \n\n  *The crew*  would have kind of naval uniforms with gas masks to avoid need of making faces and obviously wouldn't be happy of your visit, and will try to kill you, it would consist of: \n-people that just sit at the gunner seat of the cannons and fire it at fixed intervals. \n-people that pound the machines with hammers like there is no tomorrow. \n-security which has the role of trying to kill you.\n\n*The ship* would be in steampunk setting, quite claustrophobical, and would be randomly generated from small pre-made sections (like in warframe) these would be: \ngun section- contains cannons and people shooting it. \narmory- just some gun racks, lockers and security spawns there. \nsleeping quarters- corridor with some small rooms with bunk beds, basically just to fill space.\nengine room- filled with various machines and people hammering them! And also, it has the power core which you have to destroy. \n\n*Equipment* against deadly security you have only a revolver! It is only effective against limited amounts of enemies, so you should run if larger security force finds you, and also you have something for blowing up closed doors."
c2mbg4,A Hack and Slash/Real-Time Strategy Game About A Necromancer,"The TLDR of it; God of War and/or Dante's Inferno combat with unit creating and controlling abilities\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe Longer of it: You play a necromancer from the medieval age, who was sealed away by powerful magics. Eventually, people of the modern era release you and your goal is simple. Take over the world. \n\nThe necromancer has hack and slash abilities comparable to God of War or Dante's Inferno. One of the main differences being his ability to summon/create weapons from the black mist that surrounds him (sort of a ""mist of death"" that hangs around him at all times), as well as his incorporeal nature from the mist. (he is punch-able, this is just to imply dodging and movement at very fast paces)\n\nHis other major point is to be able to raise the dead and even manipulate living matter to bend to his will, allowing him to destroy/take control of many places without being there, or to make a big fight much easier with an army at your side. This is further extended with variations, such as a ""creator"" unit that can turn the dead into his minions, without need of lifting a finger. \n\nThere is a lot more i could say, such as the enemies you could face, but i don't want to make 20 paragraphs on an idea some may think of as a bad one. I Will note that when it comes to size, while i do state AAA, that's mostly dependent on the scale of things. My fantasy idea is a whole earth to take over, but you could always shrink to say a area by area system, not unlike how Infectonator does it's earth. And, of course, it could always be made smaller.\n\n  \nThis is just an idea I've had in my head for a while so i wanted to get it out to see what others think and to remind myself. And as i said, i have a lot more i could say, so if you want, feel free to ask me"
c2k6rj,"Road Trip - an online social VR game where you join strangers taking turns driving cross country in cars, vans and RVs.","It's like a mix between VR Chat and Euro Truck Simulator. When you first start, you're spawned roadside signaling to hitchhike. If you aren't picked up, you can refresh to spawn ahead of some other ride.\n\nWhen you get picked up, you just hang out with people, talk, enjoy the passing scenery, stop at roadside attractions, get food at dive troughs, and all arguing have a fun road trip. Players can take turns driving the semi-automated vehicle.\n\nOnce you're done, you can ask to be dropped off. Or worst case scenario, you jump out the window.\n\nWhat else can I say. I really enjoy road trips and they can make a great social setting in VR."
c2jkkr,Competitive Bank Robber Game," Template from  [https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/c0pou3/game\_idea\_template/](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/c0pou3/game_idea_template/) \n\n**NAME:** Mastermind? (No idea what a good name would be)\n\n**MAIN MECHANIC:** 4 Teams (Player or AI) of bank robbers compete to rob banks. First they must rent a base to start their operations. During their turn they can either rob a bank or choose a new base. Then all turns are carried out simultaneously. If a team goes bankrupt for 2 consecutive turns, they disband and lose the game. The game can end by a turn limit, where the richest team wins, or when only 1 team remains.\n\nTo rob a bank you select an unrobbed bank. When the turn is being carried out your robbers leave your base and head to the bank. When they arrive there they have a chance or robbing the bank, which is based to the security of the bank and skill of the robbers. But if another player's robbers reached that bank before you and successfully robbed it, your team returns empty handed. When you succeed you earn a payout, which lets you pay rent or train your robbers.\n\nYou can pick any unoccupied building to be your base. Buildings closer to the center of the city are more expensive, but have more banks nearby. Changing your base requires 1 turn.\n\n**SIDE MECHANICS:**  Random events, such as fires, police getting an upgrade, maybe even traffic and parties. \n\nDifferent targets to rob such as convenience stores, small banks, big banks, gas stations.\n\nTraining buildings. Spend your turn to improve your travel speed (autoshop), improve success rate   \n(dojo)... etc\n\n**STORY:** Your team of robbers have recently fled your old city. But when you thought your luck couldn't get worse you discovered a new gold mine. A city whose wealth lay barely defended, but you aren't the only one who wants to keep the whole pie.\n\n**SIMILAR TO:** Looks a lot like those city builder games. Can't really think of similar mechanics. Maybe looks like rebuild?\n\n**ADVANCED FEATURES:** Leaders with special abilities. Some could cause events, make robbers faster or better, bribe cops or tip them off. Maybe pvp action such as raiding bases.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Note:** I like pixel art so I imagined a square grid city with a few colorful bases popping out of the other gray buildings."
c2i1s0,JRPG combat system idea,"So how it would work would be that a fight starts with the player and their 3 party members and whatever is attacking you.\n\nOnce a party member’s ATB bar is full, it’s their turn to act. They can move a certain amount depending on their Agility stat, use an item like a potion or grenade, attack, or use a skill they have\n\nEach character has 2 weapon slots that they can switch from at all time using LB and RB\n\nSome of skills you can have are shoulder checking targets, having a chance to knock them over, drop kicking them for chance to knocking them out, using yourself as a human shield to protect a weakened or important character, and throwing any item in your inventory at a target.\n\nIf you use guns, you can run out of ammo and you’re going to have to use a Melee Weapon\n\nUsing a weapon that spreads like a shotgun will require none of your group is in Melee range of the target, less you want them to taste buckshot."
c2egbc,A game where you freeze and start time to minimize damage.,"Let's say you have a city undergoing the apocalypse and you can stop and start time to minimize the damage. You're not allowed to rewind, and you're only allowed to travel a certain distance/interact with a certain amount of objects in a frozen time frame. \n\nFor instance, let's say you have a falling helicopter, a bus going towards a cliff, and a match going towards an oil field. The optimal thing to do would to crash the helicopter into a damn, which puts out the fire and causes stone to blockade the cliff. A first attempt might try to stop each one individually. It'd kinda be like a less combat focused superhot."
c2b4jz,JRPG set in Indiana during second Civil War,"I’m trying to write a story for a JRPG involving a second Civil War that’s swept up the whole country. You play as a someone that can side with the Far-Left side, the Far-Right side or flip them both off and try to unite the state to fight a rising threat of Native American monsters.\n\nThe game takes place in mid-2020s Indiana after the gods of every religion revealed themselves. I wanted it to comment on the flaws of each extreme, and show that hate creates hate, that an eye for an eye makes the world blind.\n\nEach of the party members would have suffered one way or another under the effects either extreme ideology.\n\n\nSome of the Far-Left occupied areas will mirror urban cities with Jim Crow laws, but flipped around as a way of “revenge”. While the Far-Right towns will round up certain people to be killed in public.\n\nYou would create your own character in a menu that looks like a typical personality test, then get off a plane leading into an airport close to Downtown Indy\n\nThe game would center around overthrowing Far-Left and Far-Right Identitarian groups, if you choose to have it that way, but you can also join them.\n\nThe factions would take inspiration from New Vegas as to how they are implemented into the story. (Two “Good” factions, Two “Bad” factions, and and a couple groups in the middle)\n\nThe menu would be entirely inside your character’s phone and would function kinda like a Pip-Boy\n\nInstead of having an open world, there will be certain town you can go to, of which being:\n\nDowntown Indy\n\nBroad Ripple\n\nFort Harrison\n\nGeist\n\nFort Wayne\n\nGoshen\n\nSouth Bend\n\nChurubusco\n\nGary\n\nA lot of time will be spent interacting with your party members, budding friendships and relationships.\n\nYou can have romantic interactions with your party like said above, can be straight or gay\n\nOutside of the nutjobs you fight, there will be regular Liberals and Conservatives you will meet and talk to.\n\nGame will have a day and night cycle. Every night, your party will have to find a place to hit the hay. Failing to do so reduces all stats by -1 each night.\n\nSome of your party members consist of:\n\nA Caucasian hobo that was once a conspiracy theorist that got too close to the truth, and was deplatformed.\n\nAn African-American teenager dragged into the war by his dad, the leader of a group called the Railroad who rescue \npeople out of war zones.\n\nA Japanese foreign exchange student that walked out after seeing that her school gave certain kids lower scores on purpose. Now is a social media star and performer \n\nA baseball player for the Indians that was kicked off the team for a politically incorrect comment who now has anger to let out and skills to crack\n\n\nYou can finish the whole game by not killing a single person, either by sneaking around or using rubber bullets or beanbag shells\n\nCombat would focus more around guns than Melee, though it is still viable \n\n\n\nCertain action you take in cities where that doesn’t align with their political agenda can get you attacked in the street.\n\nCombat: So how it would work would be that a fight starts with the player and their 3 party members and whatever is attacking you.\n\nOnce a party member’s ATB bar is full, it’s their turn to act. They can move a certain amount depending on their Agility stat, use an item like a potion or grenade, attack, or use a skill they have\n\nEach character has 2 weapon slots that they can switch from at all time using LB and RB\n\nSome of skills you can have are shoulder checking targets, having a chance to knock them over, drop kicking them for chance to knocking them out, using yourself as a human shield to protect a weakened or important character, and throwing any item in your inventory at a target.\n\nIf you use guns, you can run out of ammo and you’re going to have to use a Melee Weapon\n\nUsing a weapon that spreads like a shotgun will require none of your group is in Melee range of the target, less you want them to taste buckshot."
c287gf,Video game idea/Anime idea,I had an idea for an anime game.... it was a moba game.    So my idea was to have 2 normal game modes and a bunch of anime specific modes. So the 2 normal is the 3 lanes 2 jungle 5vs5(normal moba) with all anime characters and one lane with a small jungle 3vs3 also with all anime characters. the anime specific are kinda difficult to explain but i will try. so im gonna use my hero academia for this: i was thinking of 1vs1's with 10 people in an entire match. so everyone will get to 1vs1...! i know that was confusing but.... in my mind i liked it!
c24hto,simple unity game idea,im looking for game ideas or simple mechanics for a pixely 2d unity game for a extreme beginner
c24cl9,"This War of Mine, but FPS and with a looting system like that of Tarkov","It has the gameplay elements of Tarkov, but set in an apocalyptic world (with or without zombies), with base-building elements like This War of Mine, or XCOM. \n\nAmmo is extremely limited and the few supplies scattered around have to be used efficiently.  \nThe game can either be single-player, featuring multiple campaigns or multiplayer, allowing players to meet up and trade supplies"
c1ypsd,a game idea called earthly wings,earth is almost normal but there are stacks of floating continents on top of current ones and in  each one is a different genre and you can interact with players in each new land ranging from fps sci-fi to melee fantasy and each world is unique and every month a new tower will appear on the top floor where all genres meet and fight kitbashed bosses and you can do  a party up thing and do old towers the same way and there will be a fairness system to make it normal for a group of 2 and also normal for a group of 200 by adding enemies or giving more hp to enemies but still loot will be interchangeable between each world so you can use it no matter what
c1xjnc,Cooking/Adventure Game,"So basically this game has a lot of cooking, but also adventure. I took a lot of inspiration from SAO!\n\nYou start off as a merchant/cook in a town selling food.\n\nThe 1st way of getting meats/herbs is by hunting/farming. \n\nYou would have to hunt wild animals. Animals would be in tiers like, A Tier and S Tier. If the animal is a high tier, the meat is better. You can choose your own prices for your food. You can also harvest from places.\n\nYou can buy swords, better cooking equipment, a larger store, and etc.\n\nYou can also fish. You can hire cooks and waiters. If you buy waiters, you would have to pay them every so often.\n\nWell, thats it!"
c1vvz7,Re=Life,"I want someone to make a game about you starting as a weak monster, (E.G. Slime-Goblin) and evolving depending on what you eat. Say you eat enough human, you become a ghoul or a vampire depending on the specific conditions met. The other features are basically all that a MMORPG game has. It would be hard because rKilling would be allowed and fun to evolve into different monsters."
c9ieom,Pokemon but with real Animals,"I’m building this app using machine learning where I’m able to scan, let’s say, a dog with the phone camera and it’ll be saved in the app. I was thinking of expanding on this idea to create a pokemon like ”catch the animal” game where the concept is as straight forward as pulling out the camera, scanning the animal, and if it’s able to recognize the animal it’s registered as ”caught”.  \n  \nThough this is an idea that I’ve already started working on I’d like to know what you guys think, and how I should handle all the issues listed down below. For example:  \n  \n- What animals should be considered? Since there are a billion dog races a dog should suffice as a dog, but what about a lynx then, it’s just a ”big cat” in a sense? This is currently my main issue since I can’t train the AI before I know what animals to add.  \n  \n- How many animals? I’m thinking of starting out with 151 just as in the original pokemon games, but that’s a small count of animals if the game is to be played from around the world. If you live in India for example, there’s a greater chance that you’re gonna see a Tiger than a horse, although a horse may be thought of as ”more common”.  \n  \n- Should I have to worry about copyright infringement? I’m not using any images, sounds or anything of the sort that may be associated with Nintendo and Pokémon, however I’d love to call the app Animal Dex which is an obvious homage to the Pokédex. Also I’m not sure if this has been done in the past, please let me know if you’ve seen or heard of similar apps, I’m in desperate need of some inspiration.  \n\nThanks!"
c9b5a3,Cooking,"I know there's a lot of games that has cooking in it, but how many actually teach you how to cook?\n\nJust thinking, a game that is actually helpful and to your benefit.\n\nStart with small stuff like eggs, then go from there into more advanced recipes.\nAnd the idea is to not have ANY fantasy in it, just real food with real recipes. \n\nA game that is fun and teaches you how to be a good cook.\nHowever, would suggest some not so real time mechanics - basically say it takes 10 mins to cook something, real time would be shorter, just not so short it feels like you blinked and it's done.\n\nThis would be a lot of work, but if it's good enough, you might get support from real chefs in the world, giving tips, methods, and possibly endorsements. \n\nOne thing is for sure, if successful and does help, you could finally say to people that believe games are a waste of time or unproductive, ""well here's a game that is worth your time and is productive""."
c9am8e,"A waterworld video game, wait stay with me","So waterworld in my opinion is an underrated universe idea. Here’s what I think a good video game version of this would be like. It’s a big open world with fallout like rpg elements, but also boat driving similar to Black Flag, the only difference is the way you design your boat is you buy schematics or find designs by raiding or trading with other boats. You customize your boat similar to fallout 4s settlements, but a little more restrictive, except in decor where you could do whatever you want, including your sail or motor, which both would have ups and downs in using. You would mainly follow a choose your own rpg story, but interact with fellow players every once In a while by seeing there boats, and eventually if you built up enough resources, you could claim or find your own barge and start a town, ofcourse you’d also be responsible for your own survival, and the upkeep and crafting of your own juryrigged weapons"
c9abhd,Pathways to Evil - multiple start RPG,"One of the things I have always wished for was a game that has multiple beginnings, multiple endings, and let you really choose.\n\nBut, we do kind of have those except most are surrounding a good aligned characters.\n\nSo this is the idea - You have a choice between several different types of bad guys to play as.\n\n1. Lich - This is considered one of the most powerful, evil, and hardest to play. You can raise undead from defeated enemies and others (they don't have to be fighters, they can be average people and even animals), you have an arsenal of powers, and for the most part you are immortal. The negatives however make being one pretty difficult like your mere presence strikes terror into lesser beings, if any powerful organization finds out about your existence they will use every possible resource they can muster to destroy you.\n\n2. Vampire - Live forever, drink blood to survive, avoid the sun, sounds easy enough til you start getting hunted by organizations designed to kill you. \nYou can turn others into more of your kind, charm others to do your bidding, and have a few powerful abilities.\n\n3. Werewolf - Go from a regular person to that of a huge monstrous wolf. You won't have anything you can cast off like other characters, but you'll have much stronger strength and speed, you can walk among your prey, and while at first you'll be subject to your animal side's whim, you'll eventually learn to control it and become much more powerful than those who try to fight it. \n\nOther choices (up to developer).\n\nThe world - 5 nations on a single continent, all of which are at peace, for now. Each of them neighbors the others in a circle, their territories are equal and they share the center of the continent for their citizens.\n\nYour Goal: Take over a kingdom, Start wars, Wreak havoc, Acquire mass amounts of wealth, your choice. How you do it is completely up to you. But it won't be easy.\n\nCraft things, build things, start businesses, take slaves, mass murder, fish, farm, politics, etc.\n\nThis is mostly a singleplayer type of game idea, but if you think co-op or multiplayer could be added, then allow for them to work together or against each other. \nVoice acting isn't necessary, it can all be just written dialogue, besides a multiple choice game would be too much if you did add voice acting - too many hours of recording.\n\nAnd though Lich and Vampire would be one of those starting choices, I'd suggest having players work for it like beating the game with certain character(s) and certain difficulties.\nOtherwise everyone will start off with the strongest and most powerful, and the other choices will feel boring/uninteresting. \n\nSo, doable?"
c99xd5,Space Mining Game Ideas in Need,"I've recently started a small project to learn the basics of coding and game design. \nThe idea was to make a space mining game, as space mining is one of my favorite things to do in any space game that lets you do it. \nThe thing is, I can't really think of what I actually like about space mining, so I can't even start with the game as its core mechanic is missing. \nAny ideas on what makes space mining fun? Or any (super simple) game ideas that have space mining as its core mechanic?"
c98h4p,You're the commander of a roman legion that finds itself transported into a world of fantasy and demons.,"The world would be similar to the novel ""The Misplaced Legion"" by Harry Turtledove.\n\nThe start of the game would initiate with the legion being transported mid-battle into a dark world where humans are being pushed back into a small corner of the world. \n\nLocated in one of the last human kingdoms left, as commander, you will have to use diplomacy, cunning, and ruthlessness to maintain or expand human territory. \n\nThe main goal of the game is to reach the center of the world, where mana has accumulates due to a meteor landing millions of years ago. Increasingly powerful monsters exist near the center of the world due to the benefits it provides in terms of growth and power to beings that live closer to it."
c97hmd,A game that is 25% Customization and 75% Gameplay. A random guy's idea on his perfect new game genre.,"I've been thinking a lot about how Minecraft and such became popular and more on a personal level why I enjoy XCOM 2 and games like Divinity Original Sin 2 more than anything else. I came to the realization that all of them had the same kind of quality to it.   \n\n\nYou've always added some of yourself to it. It has strong Customization, I'd call it the Lego Effect.  \nLego became the giant it is because it's all about letting it's fans build whatever they want, let their creative mind flourish.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nNow when I say 25% Customization I do want to stress that I don't mean that you get to have sliders for your nostrils and the size of your earlobes. I want it to affect gameplay, and purposely avoid balance issues. Let me try and pose an example here, I know I'm not the best at writing these pitches so bear with me.  \n\n\nLets theme it around Fantasy because that'd probably be the easiest way for me to give a coherent idea.  \n\n\n1. Starting with something no one has ever really done, is to tie the customization in DIRECTLY with difficulty setting.  \nThis could go two ways, neither mutually exclusive. You can start as a group of people, assemble your own party. Consisting of either randomly generated heroes that are customizable or starting from blank templates. Cosmetically the customization won't have any impact, but the abilities will. If you want to create a group of powerful heroes each of which can slam down a horde of enemies all at once then so be it. Do you want to create a solo Wizard that can blast a horde of enemies down at once? Also fine. Your playthrough will be very easy. On the other end of the spectrum, do you want to create a one-armed blind peasant that starts off with a dagger and has difficulty getting through the storyline from start to finish? Also an option, you lovable masochist bastard. I feel like many games have gotten close to this concept but never quite hit the mark. Moving on.  \n\n2. Gameplay remains important. Something Divinity Original Sin 2 did well was to offer people developed protagonists as well as blank slates. Not everyone likes to write out their entire character but they do want a taste of deep storytelling, because of this Gameplay is still going to be important and it has to have an identity of it's own to start from, referring to Lego again think about how they offer both sets and boxes of blocks alike. I'm certain a game could do this to a more compact degree, in fact I do think Divinity did this quite well already.  \n\n3. Online Component. More specifically, a certain focus on Roleplay. Some would say WoW and SWTOR were the golden standard for this. Others would point to games like Second Life. (Believe it or not). But they do have a point. and I do think there's an example of a middle ground being reached in that regard in recent history. FiveM. What's FiveM? FiveM is a modded online version of GTA 5 that's everything that GTA:O isn't. Don't get me wrong, I love GTA:O but FiveM is responsible for the game's revival after it's official counterpart started becoming more stale and lackluster with the years. FiveM's most popular use is for Roleplay. GTA as a game is perfect for that. It's an open world with a good degree of gameplay present. Now in this hypothetical game we can ramp that up to 100 and allow people to create their own setpieces easily. Though I used MMOs as my example for golden standards I do think that that game genre has very little future as of today. Given that the most exciting thing coming out is WoW Classic. (Fingers crossed that it sparks a revival for good MMOs but that's just wishful thinking.) Point is for the Online Component I wouldn't go full MMO, FiveM with it's player-driven servers is the perfect vessel for it. This allows small communities of RPers to set up shop similar to old school chatrooms and forums and for the audience that wants to focus on custom game modes, there's that option too.  \n\n4. Customization, Cosmetic. Now what would cosmetic customization entail exactly? I feel like I'm gonna get frowned at when I say this but I think Fallout 4 had a good balance between too much and too little. Bethesda in it's prime was always good at character creators. Skyrim is also a good example but aside from it's option to pick several races at it's core I think Fallout 4 improved on it significantly.   \n\n5. Customization, Abilities. Here's where it gets difficult. I imagine it's not easy to develop vastly differing skill trees even if you don't have to balance them. So for a game like this I'd have a mix of Divinity 2's ""classless"" system with something like a Branching tree. Similar to games like Dragon's Dogma and Dragon Age. You could have three basics, Brawn, Finesse and Wisdom. Brawn would be everything melee, heavy, strong dudes and dudettes from Monks to Heavily armoured lancers. Finesse could be about things like Rogues but also Rangers.. Everything that comes to mind when you think of Agility or anything that's ranged and isn't magical in nature. The branches would descend downwards and for the difficulty setting, I'd look to Europa Universalis IV for inspiration, specifically their custom nation designer. The easier you set the difficulty, the more points you get to start with. I think they did this the best out of any game I played. The Core Philosophy would be that you can start as a rather beefy lone protagonist or a group of up to 4 people. (Potentially Online Co-op like Divinity). The hardest difficulty setting would have them start as barely strong enough to deal with a single low-tier unit. Think of XCOM 2's early game when you lose a lot of rookies and a group of footsoldiers are a legitimate threat and can be devastating when they get lucky with their aim. Whereas on Easy your single party member would be stronger than a lone wolf on Hard.  \n\n6. Difficulty, Going more in depth on the philosophy behind it I think Difficulty being tied to customization sounds illogical at first because one's instinct is not to make the game too easy. I think it would be worth considering the idea that varying degrees of difficulty can be quite fun to play around with. Some like it challenging, others are wimpy ragequitters like me that prefer to customize their characters and roleplay more than deepening themselves into hard strategic gameplay. For me it's one or the other depending on mood, but I'd like a game that offers both, so far XCOM 2 and Divinity Original Sin 2 are the only ones that really do this.  \n\n\nIf you've come this far I thank you for putting up with my writing, I don't do these often and a lot of it's rather endless rambling. I hope my perspective can be somewhat interesting in the end and I'd love to see feedback, positive or negative as long as it's constructive and relevant to the idea rather than my writing (Not a native english speaker so it's a difficult road getting better at it)."
c933kw,A horror game were you can explore a nightmarish utopia and fight ungodly creatures,"STORY - You play as David, a grumpy business man who got into a near-death car accident, after being taking into the hospital unconscious, you enter a world that is much worse than hell itself; The Nightmare Realm. you are then greeted by a mischievous stickman who calls himself ""The Nightmare Imp"", he tells you that if you die in this world, you will die in reality as well. \n\nyour main goal is to escape, but it won't be easy when twisted monsters will attack, you only have two options; Fight or Die. \n\nyou can explore many places as much as you want, you can kill many enemies, and you can meet NPCs you can talk to (try not to piss them off though). \n\nand yes, there will be a story mode to this game. \n\nthe game itself will both have horror and cartoon, meaning that the game will have dark humour. \n\nI don't know what the game's title will be, so if you guys have any suggestions, I'll love to hear them, and I will update this when I get more ideas."
c8zo29,You are the Zombie and need to cure yourself,"I'm just tossing this idea out there cause it was literally a dream I had a bit ago.\n\nYou are a Zombie, but you are the intelligent kind, which is incredibly rare, like winning several lotteries in a single month.\n\nYour character is a scientist, or at least he was til the virus broke out. \nAfter years of being one, he finally regains his humanity, but he still craves flesh, and while he wishes he could just treat it like an addiction, it's not that simple.\nHe needs flesh to keep his own organs from decomposing, the virus will start to devour internal organs if he doesn't get his daily meals.\n\nYou're not confined to a basement or facility, you will have to venture out in to the world to find humans to feed on, but you have to find a way to keep them fresh without biting them as that will turn them, then you won't get to feed on that one anymore.\n\nYou have two bars that affect your HP. External and Internal. \nExternal is damage you receive from external forces, like bullets and such.\nInternal is when your organs start to get eaten. \nYou regain HP for both by feeding on fresh flesh.\nThe game is over when your brain is destroyed, can't find a cure without it. \n\nYou won't have to worry about rest, needing to be hydrated, but you will need to find food and the proper equipment so you can find a cure. \n\nThis is a Zombie Survival game, just reversed. While you won't have to kill zombies to stay alive, it is a good idea to do - too many zombies in the world means less people you'll have for food, but kill too many and you'll have a bigger problem. \n\nSo, if anyone wants this, go for it. I doubt I'll remember much cause dreams I've had do fade. \nWhat kind of game you want it to be, your choice, you're the one making it. Same goes for the name of the game and the character."
c8xc1z,Simple survey to help me with your opinions,"Hello,\n\nI don't know if how many gamers and developers are available here\n\nbut as it's related to game ideas your opinions would help us too much.\n\nWe are developing a game and we need your help to collect a few basic pieces of information from gamers about MMO games, kindly fill this survey and help the development team with your opinions.\n\nAlso, share it with your friends!\n\nThanks\n\n[https://forms.gle/m7p8uusF9R1G9s2y6](https://forms.gle/m7p8uusF9R1G9s2y6)"
c8vynz,Help with Story,"Often when I work with game ideas, I find myself struggling with story the most, as with most genres of video games, a good story is essential.\n\nIs there any way I could combat this? Any help would be appreciated. Thank you."
c8ttlz,Thoughts on making a new video game similar to Ark:Survival Evolved?,"I am part of VenomCode. We are a couple of very dedicated video game developers who also have a severe case of ""Ark Addiction"". We have a combined total of nearly 4,000 hours in the game and have grown to truly love its general play style.\n\nHowever, it seems that the developers of Ark(Wildcard studios) have neglected their community for quite some time now and are failing to patch severe bugs such as meshing and the various ones related to farming metal(just to name a few). Were not saying its a bad game, we just don't like the way the developers have gone about treating the community and their wishes.\n\nBecause of this we have been working on a game for over a year now that is based loosely on Ark's core mechanics. It will be similar in structure to Ark:Survival Evolved. We are considering scrapping the project due to us wondering if the general public would be supportive of this. Keep in mind that we are NOT graphic designers so if the game were released in early access the graphics would be similar to that of Unturned(lol alright, well maybe a bit better.) but we do have plans of hiring people that can do a much better job than we can later on if this picks up traction.\n\nSo fellow gamers we have come to Reddit asking if you would be interested in such a game.\n\nTLDR: We are a small game studio planning to make a game similar to Ark:Survival Evolved. Do you think we should continue working on it?"
c8ru4v,Combat system or fighting game,"I was thinking about combat system for simple 2d game, maybe only just artworks and simple pictures, maybe a browser game or multiplayer game. But more hardcore based on new games with more complex combat like Kingdom come or mordhau.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nPlayer can attack with left and right hand. In every hand is posible to have sword, shield, dagger, etc. Lets say player is attacking. Just click on left hand or right hand and click on a enemy body: head, hand, leg, body, chest and maybe more. Now is small pause (one second, will explain later) and after that will show up result: hit or block, damage, broken leg, bleeding. Simple but now is attacking enemy. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo when enemy is attacking on screen will show up icon of enemy attack on specific part of body and player must choose hand again and click on it fast. After block or hit player can attack again. But if player will not attack again, enemy will attack after some time again and again.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAnd everybody likes combos. So when there is a small pause I mentioned player can push a spacebar for example and click on more body parts fast. After combo the animation and result is fast.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOn enemy side are two algorithms. One for received damage or block and second for when enemy can attack. Times for attack, combo and defend should be short but player can change it with attributes like strenght and speed.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAnd I was talking about multiplayer so only thing is that enemy is real person. Who can click faster win. Simple fighting system."
c8pgu8,Star Wars soul caliber,Multigenerational Jedis and Sith Lords fighting it out could even be VR
c8ohtd,Game where you run away from your house,"A child's (let's call the kid P) having a friend from school in their house, which is in a 7th floor. Their friend falls off the terrace while playing, and many people (classmates, neighbours) accuse P of pushing the friend off, even their parents. P's on the news, in a few days everyone knows. P runs away from their house only carrying a gift from their friend, hoping to find them. P has to survive in the city, doing jobs to get a few coins and spend them however the player likes. Every day, P goes back to where their friend fell to see if they come back.\n\nEvery action P makes is a task to the player (example: go to the front of your house to try to see friend)"
c8n5xr,The Motel Game,"So, I started to make a game what called ""The Motel"". This will be a Horror Game and you have to survive 6 hours to leave the motel. You have two enemies: Kidnapper and Killer and you have to defeat with different strategies like hide, on/off the lamps. But, I don't know that's a good idea."
c8mfx3,First idea: Festival tycoon - Taking a year off to follow my dream,"I'm taking a full year off to follow my dream and create a game. This would be my second game. I have a couple of ideas for games that I would like to build myself.  This is one of them. Would you be interested in a game like this?\n\nName:\nFestival Tycoon\n\nMain Mechanic:\nBuild the infrastructure around a successful festival. I've worked in the entertainment industry for several years. Mainly taking care of the technical aspects for instance a few of the biggest festivals in the Netherlands. There is a lot to take care of to build up a grand festival. Think about the logisitics of transporting huge amounts of people in little time to and from the festival. Taking care of those people during the party. Making sure the stages are accessible and organised. Supplying power, sound, music, artists, water, toilets, medical emergency stations, security, etc. And I'm not even talking about dealing with the weather conditions yet.\n\nSide mechanic:\nMaybe build up a festival franchise, starting with managing a small club. Could also add an artist booking mechanic where you have to way the cost versus artist populairity. And hopefully attract enough visitors in order to get return on your investment.\n\nStory:\nNot sure if this type of game benefits from a story.\n\nSimilar to:\nThe infrastructure part of sim city and cities skyline. The entertainment factor of several theme park/rollercoaster tycoon games.\n\nAdvanced features:\nAs mentioned before, a carreer mode starting small."
c8lagw,"Brain, Muscle and Heart Game Ideas","Hello friends, I wanna ask you something about game play where the character definition already exists but still don't know the purpose.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo basically there are 3 main characters, let's call it Brain, Muscle and Heart.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe Brain's ability to solve problems, for example when there is a wall and the task of the Brain is to solve the puzzles so that the wall can be opened, but the weakness is when the Brain is used, the Power is reduced and have to do a lot of training from the Muscle to gain Power.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nNow this Muscle has the ability to increase speed or can destroy the wall but has to spend a lot of energy. To increase Power or muscle strength, you need food that can be found anywhere, but there are things that must be noticed that are related to the heart.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe Heart serves to add luck, and can be obtained when there is food and given to civilians.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWhile the idea is still like that, so the three main characters are interconnected. My inspiration came from the movie Inside Out which tells about 5 types of human emotions and they work together to solve problems. That's how it is, but I don't know what the game play should be."
c8kz2i,Comic making tycoon game: A survey with interest check,"Hello, everyone.\n\nI am already considering next potential game.\n\nOne of the ideas I have is making a game about running a company that makes comics.\n\nI created a survey, to check interest, please consider answering i!\n\n[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1eTaav8mXNcJTLviZqyG1Gvzl4ggUMJ0JjTUl048SBVw/edit](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1eTaav8mXNcJTLviZqyG1Gvzl4ggUMJ0JjTUl048SBVw/edit?fbclid=IwAR307QkmHTFLfegu-zkzxcFYh4CBRouoEaDqFRiIfp5W9kb3O3Gk9RkQyHU)"
c8ff07,Feedback on My Horror Game Ideas,"Hello, I was wondering if anyone could offer feedback on a couple horror games I have. Any criticism would be appreciated.\n\n1. Singleplayer &amp; Co-op &amp; Multiplayer - Paranormal/Supernatural Investigator(s) roaming a forest (and more maps) with equipment (by default, a camera, flashlight, and ouija board) and get evidence of the supernatural, and if they leave the forest alive they get money for their evidence that they use to buy more equipment (night vision camera, thermal vision camera, emf meter, spirit box, ability to speak latin to summon specific demons or exercise demons, and more stuff). I was thinking the ouija/spirit board input would allow custom input allowing as many programmed questions as possible that are different for whichever supernatural entity is communicating with the board. Another unlockable item could be the Necronomicon, which can be used to summon specific demons and the game can constantly be updated with new content/demons/items and the enemies don’t have to be just demons, they can be evil undead clowns, maybe a werewolf, don’t have to rely on summoning. You could also spend your money (or points maybe?) on learning Latin, so your summons and exercisisms are more accurate, otherwise you might get unexpected results.\n2. Singleplayer - Paranormal Investigator investigating a giant “haunted” mansion (cliche, I know, but hear me out), and inside the house shifts around (ex. after you go in the front door and go down the hall and come back, the front door is gone and it’s just a wall) and there’s a shit ton of different ghosts with different personalities. One ghost may want to help you and another wants you dead. You have standard equipment like a camera with night vision and thermal vision, and an EMF reader. For this game to be decent, I would need a good story. I love plot twists, and American Horror Story and Rosemary’s Baby, those would be inspiration."
c8eyt1,Rogue-Like Dating Sim," A while ago I came to the realization that the typical dating sim is a terribly harmful representation of relationships aimed at folks who  stereotypically struggle in those areas. The typical game play loop is as follows: Pick your waifu, then bend the universe to make them like you by saving and reloading before every dialog option to make sure you say the right thing, as the player unhealthily obsesses over one character. Not only is the obsession and universe bending problematic, but it also promotes a transactional view of relationships, which I believe to be at the heart of the “nice-guy” problem. Obviously this isn't a unique realization with games like Doki Doki Literature Club, but it got me thinking about what sort of core game-play loop most accurately represents a more realistic and healthy form of dating: Rogue-likes. \n\n  \n  The core loop would be as follows: a sped up tinder allegory would present you with, say, 3 people to go on a first date with. From there, you would NOT want to make your relationship last as long as possible, but as long as it should last. If you and your partner have a bad first date, that's should be end of that run. The player can go for other strategies, like a “hit and quit” build, but would suffer various debuffs to things like empathy (this would be more defined by the player breaking up soon after having sex with their partner rather than just general promiscuity, as there's nothing wrong with that). If your run goes relatively well but after a few months your partner cheats on you as a more extreme example, you would be encouraged to address it immediately, taking both run specific and permanent stat specific debuffs the longer it goes unresolved. In this example there could be some sort of risk reward mechanic involving trust and therapy or something.     \n  After each run, your experiences influence your stats. For example, a first date might be going to a movie, and your pop culture knowledge stat would go up a tad  (mechanically that stat would help at the start of a relationship but would be pretty useless the longer it goes on). After a longer run you would start to upgrade stats like intimacy, emotional intelligence, sex appeal etc. after each run, depending on the length and how it ended, you would have a sort of feat choosing stage representing an introspective period where the player character is working on themselves while they get over things. For a run that lasts in game months or longer, this would take more in game time (not sure how that would manifest itself here) but also be more significant upgrades, like taking up a hobby that could help you connect strongly with a future partner. Where as for shorter runs you might just like, binge Netflix for a few days or something, get that pop culture stat up. I want the player to be able to skip this phase (the player character is aging through this whole thing, so time is a factor. It could also have some sort of desperation or “thirsty” stat, or maybe have some social function random (think high-school reunion)/scheduled (thanksgiving) events pop up where they are expected to have a partner, but that's a whole nother can of worms, especially in regards to stat effects, have some an independence stat go up if you go it alone but loose some social status or confidence maybe?) but doing so would provide a debuff for the next run.     \n  The longer run would be the entire life of the player character. I don't want the overall win state to be growing old with one partner or something, as I don't think that's everyone's path, though a run like that should be rewarded. I think having some sort of overall fulfillment stat that is measured over the player character's life would be a better way to score things. \n\n  \n  The biggest problem I have with this idea though is that I am not the most experienced man myself, and building this whole thing based on my very narrow experiences of this sort of thing would be foolish. Even if I were, I'm pretty young and if this is supposed to last until the nursing home I still wouldn't know all I would need to for this project.   \n  I'm looking for a lot of input here, both in terms of general thoughts on the core concept, as well as suggestions for stats, mechanics, interactions etc."
c8di22,Battle Royale but with horses and swords,"That's it, my idea is a battle royale like pubg, but it's time will be in the ancient ages and with horses instead of cars and swords instead of guns, or maybe axes, or archery and etc, what do you guys think?"
c8bqaw,A better Marvel Game,"Background: I’ve always loved the Marvel Comics characters and fighting games, but have routinely disliked projects put out by Gaming companies. For me personally the most enjoyable parts of the comics is the action. A great storyline goes a long way but the epic moments when the heroes or villains go all out and wreck their opponents, those are the things that get me going. I gravitated towards 3d fighters early on, and love even the poorly made ones, so when I played Marvel Nemesis: Rise of the imperfects, I was super excited. Unfortunately the game was poorly balanced and flawed in several other ways. That being said, an arena based fighter makes sense for Marvel or any other superhero based property as seen with the success of anime properties such as DBZ, and Naruto. The only problem in games such as this are balancing and replay ability.\n\nPremise: I’d like to see an arena based fighter based in the Marvel universe. There are a ton of great storylines to use but for this one I’d like to see it set in the Age of Apocalypse.  Things such as environmental destruction are needed for immersion so if possible the use of the Frostbite engine or similar would be ideal and lastly, character balance and mechanics must be spot on. Now for some details...\n\nSetting: Age of Apocalypse is the best setting imho. This serves several purposes from a game perspective, as you get some great interpretations of the characters where the truly OP are either MIA, dead already, de-powered or off panel, the allegiance of the heroes and villains is better spread out in terms of powers, and the lore is deeply established but does not impact any current marvel properties such as the MCU. Lastly, Netherealms has as set the cinematic standard for fighters at this point so some MK11 style openings and cutscenes for polish.\n\nGameplay: a fighter taking place in a 3D arena needs a lot of interactive elements such as interactive environment destruction, 3D space utilization and balanced character skills. The things that can address these areas are having timed, 1 round battles with characters that have dynamic stamina bars (think Overwatch), movement and damage output. Perspective would be 3rd person over the shoulder (similar to jump force). Based on a modern controller layout, Characters would have a quick attack, heavy attack, jump and a block button. Additionally they have access to modifier buttons for their powers, movement, grapples, and a simple communication system for in game trash talk (I love Rocket Leagues d-pad quick chat feature). \n\nBalancing: Let’s take 2 dissimilar characters from this world, add in their powers and test them. Fan favorite Wolverine vs Cyclops; a brawler with an average health pool, better than average movement speed, high up-close damage versus a ranged character with moderate health, low movement speed, and very high long range damage. This is clearly not a fair fight so a balanced approach would start with the stamina bar and modifiers. The stamina bar would have 2 parts similar once again to overwatch; health and power. Let’s say it’s based on 250 points; Wolverine might have 100 points of health and 150 points of power. His power points replenish very quickly representing his healing factor but deplete under certain circumstances while his health points also replenish unlike other characters, though much slower than his power points. Cyclops might also have 100 health points and  150power points however he spends power using his beam attacks and they replenish slowly while his health points never replenish. All characters would have a similar forward movement speed which turns into a sprint when holding the movement modifier with access to 3 additional movement abilities by combing the modifier with other buttons. Wolverine might have a slightly faster walk speed than Cyclops and have access to a forward dash, a lunging jump attack and a slow “wall crawl” mechanic enabling him to  climb, close distance quickly and deal damage from midrange. Cyclops might have several dodge options like left side roll, right side roll, and back blast, where he uses an optic blast aimed at the ground to propel himself up and away from an opponent without dealing damage. While attacking, Cyclops might have some low damage attacks for keep away, hard to break grapples or short range stuns mixed with high powered beams with built in cool downs. Wolverine defaults to hand to hand attacks, modified to pop his claws for triple damage and a slight range increase, but takes a self damage penalty until his healing kicks in. Wolverine heals over time, but not as fast with his claws out, and wolverine has a less effective block mechanic than other characters. Cyclops default beam tracks quickly side to side and his large area heavy beam that does massive damage but has a longer cool down and doesn’t track very well. \n\nCharacters: Wolverine, Cyclops, Havok, Jean Grey, Gambit, Magneto, Sabertooth &amp; Wildchild, Colossus &amp; Shadowcat, Blink, Sunfire, Rogue, Holocaust, Abyss, Storm, Evil Beast, Mister Sinister, Donald Pierce, Aroura &amp; Northstar, Nate Grey, Domino, Sugarman, the Madri, Dead Man Wade, Moon Star and of course Apocalypse.\n\nWhat do you think?"
c8bb8w,A card game where you actually control your monster.,"The player will have an initial deck with a few monsters at the start. At the duel, when the player put a monster on the field, your camera actually go to that card an the monster get out of that card, and then you control the monster and fight the enemy's card. What do you guys think? I actually already started making this game, i just want your opinions about it."
c8akmp,Wrestle to the Rhythm," All wrestling games focus on the combat aspect of the sport, where you work on wearing down your opponent to eventually get the pin/submit.  And that’s great, but I think it misses a big aspect of what makes wrestling so interesting: the fact that it’s semi-scripted.  Yes, I like a good match, but matches are even better when you can’t see the “seams”, when you’re constantly guessing if the wrestlers are *really* hurt, or if such and such was *really* planned.  It’s kind of like watching a magic show, in that you want to be fooled.\n\nA thought I had to simulate that as a video game is essentially a two player rhythm game.  Call spots with the right stick, which actually sets up the next sequence of “notes”.  How well you and your partner (or the computer for single player) hit those notes determines how well the move goes.  Doing better allows you to do harder moves which gets you more heat from the audience.  Mess up and it can wind up looking bad or even hurting each other for real."
c8a669,A game of death,I was thinking of a 3D puzzle game where you have to run around and solve puzzles like the game portal but instead of the portal mechanics you force yourself to die and whatever you did the last time you were alive they repeat so it will be a trial and error puzzle game where you have to manage timings in order to complete the puzzle
c84bmp,"Open World, PVP &amp; PVE, Play as any animal in their specific perspective, raise offspring, hunt in the wild, etc.","I've always thought a open World game where you step into the eyes of a Apex predator would be amazing. Imagine playing as a peregrine falcon and diving down onto prey, or even playing as an alligator taking down prey in the water lurking from below. Any animal you've ever admired you can step into their world. Another example you could be a Black Bear in the woods raising your Cubs and fighting off predators  trying to get to your Cubs. Idk just something to think about."
c847g0,A comedy text adventure in which you are the narrator and the protagonist is aware of existing in a game.,"Disclaimer: I know ideas which are primarily stories are [frowned upon](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/3kf4ty/why_your_game_idea_sucks_and_how_to_make_it_better/), but I'm not looking for anyone to develop this, but rather for feedback since I intend to make it myself.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe game's point of view would look similar to [Read Only Memories](https://steamcdn-a.akamaihd.net/steam/apps/330820/ss_4f424379d5075ae48b2226384cd5805872a63d89.1920x1080.jpg?t=1547609408), but the only interactable area is the dialogue options. Each option can either be your narration which affects the game world or you saying something to the protagonist.\n\nIt would be almost entirely story driven, with a lot of comedy and meta/""fourth wall breaking"" jokes, occasionally getting more serious. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAn example of a comedic interaction would be:\n\nYou (Addressing the protagonist): ""I can't handle this, you are so stupid.""\n\nProtagonist: ""Oh, screw off! Not as stupid as you.""\n\nYou (Narrating): The protagonist decided to take an IQ test and found out he is dumber than 85% of people.\n\nYou (Addressing): ""Told you""\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAnd getting serious could be the protagonist trying to tell other characters about you without anyone believing him, so he starts doubting his sanity."
c83xad,What about a game where you play as a crew member on a ww1 to modern day war ship.,"you and maybe hundred others (though most realistically tens of people maybe up to 100) are all manning a modern day ship and you all have to follow a task given to you such as all the way up to the leader of the vessel, to just someone making food and keeping the place clean. similar to space station 13 but more realistic. every game would have a mission whether it be to safely escort another ship, work together with other ships to fight an enemy team, to working on a vessel fighting off pirates off the somali coast. i dont remember when or how i got this idea but it hit me in passing and i wanted to post it here before i forgot."
c82fe3,"Games where thousands of players are on the same screen (same thing displayed on thousands of screens), each controlling a small circle by mouse, forming into a blob of tentacles and various shapes, cuz you can move faster when near many others and slower when farther from others","Imagine an intelligent 2d blob reshaping itself based on each small part of the blob (a player) moving toward an edge only if they think others will follow while risking that if others dont follow they can move slower getting temporarily stuck where they risked to extend the blob, or if they predict and move like others well they stay in dense areas reshaping the blob as fast as a racing game.\n\nlike star trek odo reshaping [https://youtu.be/CRN3HNxk4LY?t=81](https://youtu.be/CRN3HNxk4LY?t=81)"
c7sq2n,Combine RollerCoaster Tycoon and Age of Empires,"So ..Build a park, gain money, build barracks, create some soldiers, destroy enemy park attractions and kill visitors, use monorails to bring your trebuchets to the battlefield, build secret castles and bases under a park lake, explore enemy park with sheeps, attack park staff with archers...XD.  What a concept XD"
c7rnen,Dream: More immersive WW2 naval combat game,"Like WoWS but more detailed and for more narrow audience.\n\nThe game would account wind and weather to calculate your shells trajectory. Your ship would travel and turn much slower, and it would have much bigger map size.\n\nAlso it would have a thing that is completely missing from WoWS, that is crew management. \n\nYou'd start with a number of crew, that will deplete in combat. The more crew you have, the faster the ship functions and repairs. Also you'd have to assign officers, that gain experience over time and unlock different abilities, possibly like in War Thunder. (leadership etc.)\n\nIt would have a single player simulator mode as well, where you could relive battles such as Midway or Denmark Strait."
c7r48f,A Moba with jungles instead of lanes.,"My design here aimed for some change to the traditional formula of Moba.\n\n-Instead of having 3 lanes now you will have many clusters of creep spawn across the map. That's mean harassment or deny creep will only exist in the form of hiding inside the enemy spawn and snipe their creep or their hero.\n\n-Without a lanes but you still have tower across some major points, the different here is they are much tougher and it will take more hit to destroy.\n\n-The economy is shared experience and gold like how Hero of the Storms does. Each member kills will be shared to all members, this will prevent kill steal blaming problem.\n\n-The items are not free for all, it's mean each classes of heroes only have some exclusive items while there will be some few universal items that all classes can buy. This give you less variety but you will be able to balance it more easier since the variety of items combination is much lower.\n\n-The same with the talent tree, each classes use the exclusive talent which does not shared with other classes.\n\n-The roles have been redesigned:\n\n+Assassin: The new support role, fragile but carry a lot of burst damage and disable. Instead of babysitting your carry they will be able to join the gank with the other hero as the carry in here will not sit and farm forever. All of their items are designed to be packed with mobility, disable and some more burst magic damage. And since hunting without farming will be a burden to the team as they won't get money during the gank there will be some exclusive items for this class which provide a steady stream of money for the team and it will also give you a bonus money whenever your team kill an enemy hero.\n\n+Tanker: The new carry role, their scaling power are from both tankiness and physical damage. That's mean their items are meant to help your carry become more tankier and have more physical damage. One of the major weakness is that their attack and their casting range are all slow so there will be a very few items in order to help them closing the gap or disabling them.\n\n+Mage: Just the normal AP role, Their have high burst damage but the longest range compared to the other classes. Their weakness if the lack of mobility and being fragile. Their scaling power come from their magic damage and their casting range. And some items also provide them with physical damage and long range combat. They are essentially a sniper thanks to the map are being jungle based instead of lane based.\n\n+Pusher: They are summoner with the ability to buff their own minions or aura that support your own minions, due to the fact all of their ability will be supporting to your minions so their can't be qualified as a normal support. And since their minions also scale they will need to farm in order to make your minions become tanky. In some case they will also come with the ability specialized at sieging tower since the other three classes won't be able to destroy tower effectively without a lot of items (although tanker can do that but it's still cost their own health).\n\n-4v4 instead of 5v5 since there are 4 roles."
c7poaa,Isometric Sims Management Base Building Survival Defense Game,"Set in a hostile world where survivors have to band together to form a colony to protect themselves from not only dangerous external forces, but also themselves, the game features an 3D isometric player perspective with three main components: sim/survivor management, colony management / base building, and scavenging management.\n\nSim Management includes management of Stats, Skills, Feats, Moods and Jobs of individual survivors in a small village or colony. You start off with 2-4 survivors and work your way up to no more than 20 survivors. Nevertheless, since this is a bleak world, resource is scarce and emotions run awry. Hunger and Thirst can make survivors behave erratically. Some survivors may become jealous of the relationship of other villagers and try to sabotage them. Some survivors may have different mindsets and will not be empathetic towards each other (e.g. assertive against loner, sensitive against dominating, traditionalist against adaptable). You have to manage their jobs in order to minimize their interactions or introduce certain features in the game to improve their relationship. Jobs can include Guards, Scavengers, Farmers, Cook, Mechanic, Doctor, Tinkerer, Miner, Lumberjack etc.).\n\nColony Management / Base Building includes building workshops, bed, proper walls and roofs, room management (couples in one room, individuals in individual rooms), defensive walls, guard towers, turrets, gates, recreational facilities, and so on, to improve the moods of the survivors, provide them with jobs or hone their stats and skills in certain activities. Arrange the colony/base in order to fend off hostile attackers and ensure your survivors are able to live as happily as possible in a hostile world.\n\nScavenging Management will involve a venturing into the hostile world with a band of scavengers and specialists (e.g. tinkerers to open locks and discover secrets, lumberjacks to haul back wood, miners to haul back stone) to gather valuable resources from the nearby lands to bring them back to the colony, choose to rescue or abandon potential colonists (which will have an impact on the feelings of your survivors), and learn more about the world. Drop markers to guide potential survivors to your colony, and so on.\n\nThe setting of the game is unimportant, although - since the game admittedly sounds much like I want to play something similar to RimWorld with better graphics and without a PhD in the game alone - it would be best if it's not similar to RimWorld or another game with a similar setting (e.g. This War of Mine). It could be a zombie apocalypse where you defend from zombies; space colony where you defend against alien lifeforms; or (probably my personal pick) a post-apocalyptic high-fantasy world where your band of warriors, wizards, rangers, rogues, and workers must defend your colony from demon or spectral hordes of enemies. The main idea is the gameplay itself.\n\nTL;DR I wish for a game that involves the sim management of ""The Sims"" and ""RimWorld"", base building of ""The Sims"" with defensive structures, and world scavenging/exploration of games like ""Blades of the Shogun"" or ""Desparados""."
c7pcru,Name: 3008 Cross Containment Breach (3008 C.C.B),"It's SCP 3008 with other SCPs hiding in it. The Infinite IKEA™ Is a procedurally generated map that acts as a 'Survive as long as you can' game where you can be inducted into other tribes with other players. The SCPs that roam around include: 096, 173, 049, 999, 093 (monsters), 939, 1609 etc."
c7hxb0,"Vessel-less, (A game idea with inspiration from hollow knight and dead cells)","The main gameplay mechanic is that the player is Just soul energy without a body.  After killing someone or something they can inhabit that body and use that things power with the mana bar, they would also have that things hp  And when the body dies the player is ejected from it. (The player themselves only has one heart of hp) I would say this would be a Metroidvania/ rougelike mix (Maybe when you kill a boss you get part of its power permanently or something), with a dark artstyle and a even darker story.  I would also add a moralitry system in there somewhere.  Like you can inhabit people To get things in town or something.\n\nThat's the idea so far. What do you think?"
c7hbz4,Trickshot,"Make trickshots.\nBall needs to go to the net. Small ball or big ball. Small net or big net.\nAll sorts of mechanisms and items can be put in between the ball and the net to support the ball.\nDeflections, style points etc.\n\nIs there a game like this ?"
c7fese,An animal crossing game but produced by David Lynch,
c7diqu,Suggest a game studio name,"Hi, I’m a game developer who is looking forward to a startup company and is currently in the phase of planning the strategy and execution. I want you guys to help me in suggesting a funky game studio name, because currently the only difficulty I’m having at the moment is to select a name for the company."
c7bdw5,Snake in a Hamster Cage,"An mmo where you play as a hamster, in an endless maze of hamster cages and interconnecting tubes filled with various cutesy, brightly colored obstacles, like tank fixtures, and exercise wheels, and ribbed padding that allows you to climb on the walls and ceiling that block your path but also interconnect you to more cages in all 6 directions.\n\nBut then huge snakes have gotten in and are slithering from cage to cage. I imagined that the hamsters were intoxicatingly cheery. When they move their butt wobbles from side to side and makes a cartoony wiggle noise, and they're constantly giggling hysterically, cheering things like ""weeeeee"" or make silly commentary.\n\nAlso, it'll be an extremely high pace game so it much becomes a sensory overload of navigating between various rooms and surfaces and while dodging a predator while also throwing in all these bright colors and noises at you. It sounds like a kids game, but because of the pace and the creepiness of the hamsters its kind of a nightmarish hell. Also, the snakes are huge and can take up multiple cages at a time. And the hamsters scream and plead horrifically when they're being violently eaten, which serves as a cool down time so that other hamsters can get away."
c7bd4v,Snake in a Hamster Cage,"An mmo where you play as a hamster, in an endless maze of hamster cages and interconnecting tubes filled with various cutesy, brightly colored obstacles, like tank fixtures, and exercise wheels, and ribbed padding that allows you to climb on the walls and ceiling that block your path but also interconnect you to more cages in all 6 directions. \n\nBut then this huge creepy snake has gotten in and is slithering from cage to cage. I imagined that the hamsters were intoxicatingly cheery. When they move their butt wobbles from side to side and makes a cartoony wiggle noise, and they're constantly giggling hysterically, cheering things like ""weeeeee"" or make silly commentary. \n\nAlso, it'll be an extremely high pace game so it much becomes a sensory overload of navigating between various rooms and surfaces and while dodging a predator while also throwing in all these bright colors and noises at you. It sounds like a kids game, but because of the pace and the creepiness of the hamsters its kind of a nightmarish hell. Also, the snake is huge and can take up multiple cages at a time. And the hamsters scream and plead horrifically when they're being violently eaten, which serves as a cool down time so that other hamsters can get away."
c77i1x,"A tournament fighter game, but with a Mega Man roster.","The title is pretty self explanatory. It would be a fighting game in the same vein as Street Fighter, except all of the fighters are Mega Man and his other characters, such as Cut Man, Elec Man, Guts Man, Ice Man, Bomb Man, Fire Man, even Proto Man etc. You could even bring in the X series of games with the Mavericks and such, along with X, Zero, Roll, Vile, and Sigma. Each character will have their own individual move set of course and the art style will be very much like the later X games with the 3D cell-shaded models.\n\nThe roster would be extremely huge, but Smash Bros Ultimate showed us how possible that is."
c76anp,Post Alien Invasion open world survival game,"Background: In 2022, several massive alien spacecraft entered Earth's atmosphere and made landfall on every continent. They released millions of different Bio-Mechanical robots designed to obliterate humans on sight.  After about 70% of the human population was dead, the aliens set up bases and started strip mining all of the resources they needed and set up scattered colonies to monitor mines. After that, most ships left the planet.\n\nGame setting: Game takes place in upstate New Jersey (USA) in the year 2043\n\nCrafting: Materials can be obtained from scrapping objects such as furniture and electronics, or can be found in containers and on dead npcs. Materials can be used to craft gun modifications, lighting, shelters, power sources, containers, armor, decorations,some melee weapons, and goods for trading.  Many items require certain tools to craft. For example,  crafting a wooden crate requires you to have a hammer and saw in your inventory.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nCombat: My idea is for combat to be more realistic than in most games. Guns with a higher recoil will have much stronger recoil and will be very loud. Things like stocks and grips can reduce recoil and suppressors can reduce noise. Loud guns can damage hearing, making everything very quiet or silent temporarily. Weapons also climb; especially automatic rifles and high caliber pistols. Guns may also get jammed from time to time. Alien weapons cannot simply be  used like any other gun fresh off of an enemy, but at a certain level you will be able to modify alien weapons into ones you can use.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEnemies section:\n\nI drew designs for a few of the enemies. You can find them here  [https://www.deviantart.com/deathscronch9/art/Alien-Robot-Enemies-798521548](https://www.deviantart.com/deathscronch9/art/Alien-Robot-Enemies-798521548) (P.S i'm not a very good artist)\n\nArmed robbers: Other humans that try to kill you and take your things or break into your shelter and steal stuff. Weak to gunfire and stolen things can be retrieved after they are dead.\n\nDeos Iratos: Members of a radical cult that believe the aliens to be angels angry with how ignorant man has become.\n\nTaken: Humans who were abducted by aliens and were surgically modified with a CPU for a brain, arm mounted energy cannon, and fast robotic legs that reduce sound. While they can take more hits than most humans, they are relatively weak.\n\nStalker:   A human-sized stealth robot that can be armed with a burning laser or explosive particle launcher.  Has the ability to turn invisible\n\nPulser: A medium sized demolition and combat unit armed with a powerful laser cannon and the ability to mess with electronics\n\nColossus: Massive alien war machine that shoots an incredibly powerful burning laser and can control vehicles. Will violently explode upon being destroyed.\n\nVeil: A multipurpose alien ship. Can fire explosive grenades that detonate on impact and leave acidic residue in their wake. Veils can deploy enemies and repair damaged and even some deactivated ones.\n\nDart:  Small aerial drones which unknown munitions that are extremely cold and explode violently on impact.\n\nBreacher: Huge ships that use electromagnets to completely tear apart anything in its path.  The damage they inflict is similar to that of a tornado. (cannot be killed)\n\nTitan: Huge lumbering robot that can deploy smaller drones that seek out and destroy targets.\n\nUnder:  Rather small robot armed with Electric Emission Rays that can disable vehicles. Some encountered will be hiding underground waiting for a target to come near.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWeapons: Baseball Bat, Axe, crowbar, Meat Cleaver, Pocket knife, Baseball Bat, Dagger, Machete, Taser, Ballistic knife, Crossbow Glock 20, Ruger mk 4, KS-23, M-16, Ar-15, Thompson,  Remington 870, Desert Eagle, AA-12, Flamethrower, Laser emitter, Handheld Plasma Discharger, Alien Shield, Frag Grenade, Incendiary Grenade, Acid Bomb, Poison Gas Canister, Flash Radiation Cannon, Quantum Mortar, RPG, Milkor MGL"
c72x31,Hearing your Own name or see your own face in video games,"Making an Avatar not even close looking like you or just reading your name like in Pokémon on the screen was yesterday and it’s boring. \n\nNOW Imagin you **HEAR your own Name** during the conversations/dialog with the characters in the video game. The gameplay is getting more **personal, realistic** and more **intensive**.  As a pre-setting Device before the game starts, we can simply use a microphone or an app on the phone for several repeating with the own voice for the correct pronunciation of the own name and the program is mixing and creating the Name into the video game Character voice. **For example**: my name is Soroosh Rahimy. And the video game character is introducing me at the beginning of the game Intro as follow:  \nAlpha team B we got a new member. His name is Soroosh Rahimy. He gonna help us rescue the victims and fight the terrorist etc...   \nThis idea gonna be **revolutionary**.  \nNext step would be the Own face on the characters face. \n\n  \nKind regards  \ndr. Rahimy"
c72as7,Old Browser Curve Ball Game,"I've loved this game for like 15 years: https://www.curveball-game.com/\n\nIf someone made a new version of this that worked at high framerates, I would absolutely pay for it."
c71dt6,Virtual Avatar Duel,"**Key Mechanic:**\n\nControl a virtual avatar to move and throw projectiles at the opponent on the other half of the screen. Everything from moving, using abilities, and even simply existing consumes energy. Running out of energy causes you to wink out of existance.\n\n**Side Mechanics:**\n\nDifferent Abilities such as shields, multishot attacks, homing attacks, speed boosts...\n\nEquipment of some sort that you can equip to strengthen your avatar.\n\n**Story:**\n\nYou are a newcomer to the virtual duel world and seek to rise to the top by defeating the reigning champion.\n\n**Looks Like:**\n\nThinking of bright neon silouettes chucking projectiles at each other."
c709cp,Fighting game,"Hello! \n\nDon't take me wrong. I love fighting! ( Not assault fighting ) haha.\n\nI have a really good idea of a fighting game. This is my first suggestion so don't be harsh :)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nStreet fighting game. Not like Tekken or Streetfighter.\n\nI want the game to be like UFC but instead of fighting in a Cage you fight in a Suburb. Just like Kimbo slice did. \n\nThe game should have a Career mode where you start off in backyards fighting for money. Then you get into bigger matches.\n\nIn the end, you could even fight in the UFC.\n\nThere should be 2 game modes. BARE KNUCKLE or GLOVES.\n\nSure... Maybe the game will become boring but to add up to the game there could be some sort of Open world.\n\nMaybe you could go watch Fights. Join in fights. Maybe even start street fights. \n\n  \nAdd things you want to be in the game \n\n  ( A lot more, I know... )"
c6w9h6,Hybrid RTS Battle Arena,"Ok, so I know the MOBA genre is saturated, but I think the genre still has potential to draw new attention but the traditional dota/lol mold has to be broken.\n\nMy idea still retains the main goal of conquering your opponent's base, but rather than fighting down 3 predetermined lanes and destroying forts, each player instead has the ability to construct a fort (1 per player) in the location of their choice. Constructed forts intermittently spawn minion waves that travel down the route assigned by the player who constructed that fort. If a player's fort is destroyed that player must wait for a ""cooldown"" period before they can begin constructing a new fort.\n\nMaps would contain at least 1 extra lane than there are players on a team so that not all lanes could have a fort constructed in them. Additionally, map design should contain numerous flanking paths (jungle) to create more opportunity for advanced routing of minions and unorthodox placement of forts.\n\nRegarding the characters themselves, there should be no items. Characters have access to all of there abilities (3 or 4) from the start of the match, only expanding on those abilities as they level up during a match. Instead of items, for an added layer of complexity a player's fort can be upgraded during a match to empower its minions or unlock a special abilities for that fort. Characters would still fill a specific role on their team (mage,tank,healer) and the upgrades to their tower are reflective their class.\n\nI know these ideas should be left basic, but I gave some specific design concepts to help paint a clearer picture."
c6uuzj,Please Give Suggestions on How to Make My Game Better :),"Okay so, this is my very first post here, but I just want to clarify some things before I talk about my game idea.\n\nFirst things first, I've been thinking about this game for the last three years on-and-off, so each time I come back to the game, I have a bit more life experience to try to elaborate the ideas that I previously made! That being said, some of the things might not make sense to the average person lol\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSecond thing, I don't know if I should make a second post (or if I can edit a reddit post I might) to show my google documents about the game itself to try to figure out what type of things I should be doing with it.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThirdly, I really am trying to figure out how to make my game more unique and not as ""basic"" if that makes sense? I just want to try making someone go ""oh I didn't expect that"" but sometimes games try to do that but in the end it makes it more basic than it originally needed to be you know?\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSo, without further ado, I'm going to talk about my game for the first time ever online :) (please go light on me)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBasically, in my game, there are four different races of people. The Tremp, Amin, Gaia, and Elementals. Each race has a special trait that belongs to each of them. For example, the Tremp can use roots from the ground to dig tunnels and travel that way, and the Gaia have flowers on their head as a type of hair that they can use to fly around with.\n\nSomething I forgot to mention was that they're all the same species however, they're called the ""Fae"" and that being said, they are all a type of fairy. Another good thing to mention is that they all live in a type of tree. So the Tremp live towards the bottom where the roots are, the Gaia live in the tree branches, and the Amin live within the clouds. They each have a type of storyline which they have to complete and then the main storyline will happen.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&lt;**Main Storyline**\&gt;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBefore I would like to show you the new storyline that I'm working on, I'd like to show you the old one just so that maybe if you see something you like, you could recommend it to me? Or hm, maybe if you find something that I can add to the newer one that would be great :)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nFor as long as time has been known, the people of Asteries have been in control of a beautiful magic. The world is the most advanced place in all of Entora. This world is the true beginning of magic. The world contains a huge crystal within its center that harnesses all of the magic. The world has multiple layers to it. The top being the most poor of the layers, and the center being the most magical. They made it this way because the magic is like wifi, the farther you are away from it, the less you have. The world is forgotten on top, and looks deserted to the naked eye. The Fae made it specifically this way, so that no mortal would ever see the magic that lies within. Thousands of years have past in the time that they have lived within the world, and within this time, humans and other beings have traveled to this world and claimed it as their “own”. The humans cannot find the portal leading to the Fae World; only a fae is able to open the portal to let them in. However, if they were to ever open the portal, they would never be able to shut it again. So, they stay within the world. People have no idea that these creatures are living under them, they have seen, what they thought to be sightings, and scientists have speculated, but these “Fae” are, to them, the worst fear they could possibly imagine. The reason they are so petrified by these fairies is because, they are depicted for starting “The Stone War” the stone war is a war that took place approximately 300 years ago. **People would find these creatures that would come out of the ground, take their life essence, and then turn it into a crystal-type figure**. They could only assume that these creatures were known as the Zaem. The Zaem would turn people into stone, and then suck out there essence, then bring it back into in crystal to heat it up for the Fae. Meanwhile, the Fae never knew that this was taking place. Basically the first layer, with the worst magic “reception” was actually just the worlds dinner. The world is actually alive, but the world isn't doing this to be malicious. The world does not heat itself up by lava or other sorts, so the magic is actually keeping the Fae alive, without the magic, there is no life. The world just assumes that the people that are coming to the world are actually just sacrifices made from the Fae to keep her alive. The Zaem, however, is the name the people created to identify the mass killings. Inside the crystal is actually the woman that is in charge Asteries. She, however, doesn't know that she controls the world. Because she was reincarnated into a woman. **There are only women in the game to signify purity and loyalty.**\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nNow that you've seen that, ***here's the new one :)***\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe main storyline is that there are the four races obviously, and the Elementalists are considered the ""Gods"" of the game. The tree of life is holding the entire world together, and the tree is in the inner shell of the outside world if that makes sense. So the tree is basically the core of the earth, and everything besides that is just a very very big shell. So the inner world is where the Fae live, and the outer world is where the boys live. The boys are straight up boys that the tree has banished to die at the outer world. So, the tree is the disgusted by men because the tree is actually a woman that was r\*ped at one point after she watched her parents get murdered right in front of her hundreds of years ago. I don't know yet why she became a tree, but all I know is that she did lol. So she banished all of the men to the top of the earth, including the guy who did those awful things to her. Because of this, she only game birth to women, and the boys she birthed went straight to the top. (Just to make it clear, she is the one who births all of the faes) So basically each race of fae is trying to find out why the tree is starting to die, and they need to find a potion or something for them to be able to heal the tree before the tree dies, otherwise they lose the world, and they will all die. So obviously you'll go and do that, and eventually you'll get to meet the Elemental, which at first will give you the cold shoulder and make you feel like you're literally worthless, and so that happens. But the farther you get into the game, the more friendly they will become, especially the Elemental known as Dawn. She will start to become super friendly to you, and you'll start to trust her, and at one point she'll become a member of your group. Throughout your travels to the tree, she'll talk to you about one of the Elementals, Dusk, who really despises the ""lower class"" Fae, and she wanted to try to kill them all, so she was locked away and held captive from all magic. Fast forward a lot of the game, and you finally get to the tree. She helps you grab the materials and she says that the tree needs a sacrifice in order to Be let into the heart of the tree. So she says she will sacrifice herself so that she is able to give back to the tree. So she does. But, something strange happens, she starts to mutate into a darkened form, and she throws the old ""shell"" of the Elemental to the ground. She looks at you and, basically for the people in the  back of this post, she is Dusk and she is going to grab the heart, and basically all of the Elementals can morph into different things once they kill whatever it was. So in this case, she killed her sister in order to get her body. Long story short, she grabs the heart and puts it into her chest, unlocking her true self and growing twelve different arms and becoming a demon basically. She will then grab you, and throw you against the tree, knocking you out, and then she will grab the girl in the tree, and stab all twelve of her arms into her body. (reALLY killing her) and then the tree starts to die, and the tree begins to fall to the ground. You and the tree then fall to the ground and the screen goes black, and covered in dust and death. The music stops and things get very quiet...\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOkay so! I'm going to continue on with the story once I keep this up for like a day or two, and I'd loVE to hear your thoughts about it! Is it cringy? Is it somewhat okay? I'm super curious what people think! (and really nervous as well lol)"
c6tmex,A Scooby-Doo videogame??,"So stay with me for a second here.\n\nSo I'm a huge fan of Scooby-Doo, I really love the concept of the show and the characters and aesthetics of it (mostly the original 60's show and Mystery Inc.), but one thing I'm really disappointed by is the fact that there aren't any good Scooby-Doo videogames. So I wanted to throw some ideas to the air, just to see if anyone agrees or likes my ideas.\n\n1. Story: Personally, storywise it should be like the OG Scooby-Doo shows, with the characters going from place to place and solving different mysteries as they meet different characters and explore new and unique maps.\n2. Gameplay: The gameplay would go over 4 parts, which would be tied to the mystery.\n\n1. Exploration: This is arguably the most boring part of the game, so to compensate it would include a lot of banter between characters to further show their relationship. This segment would be about exploring the maps for the first time and meeting all the people of the place.\n\n2. First Encounter: You would meet the monster and do your best to survive and escape it, this section would be the most similar to a horror game as you would be completely defenseless and have to improvise your way through all of it.\n\n3. Investigation: You would investigate the crime scene and investigate on the suspects from the town.\n\n4. Final Encounter: You would set up your trap and attack the monster, this would either really well or really badly, depending on how you make your trap and who you think is guilty.\n\n5. Repeat"
c6ryz2,My Minecraft clicker concept that I remade. What could be done with this idea?,"[VIDEO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9dahKCq1cE&amp;feature=youtu.be)\n\nMy vision was a clicker game maybe to be played mobile. You mine blocks and get the block or item drop. You can upgrade tools to diamond but you must spend EXP. I was going to add the nether, the caves, the end etc to allow you to travel to new locations and mine their specific block types. I wasnt too sure about the crafting menu, but i definitely wanted some enchantments."
c6rldq,The people be behind The Arkham Games should make a Wonder Woman game,"It will be in the exact same style with hit and counter combo combat. You explore all of Paradise Island with a Zelda-Esc exploration type deal where you come across various ruins and fortifications made by Amazon Defectors.\n\nI can see the plot going as an alternate origin story or Ares coming back gets her to come back to rescue the island \n\nThe plot could have Steve Trevor crashing on the Island and accidentally bringing Ares along with him. Causing some Amazon Warriors to turn and join his side causing various Wonder Woman villains to turn up to the island or break out of a prison on the island. These villains can be Circle, Cheetah, Dr. Poison, Giganta and maybe even Grail. \n\nIn the game, you would have to find some of the various Wonder Woman gear throughout the game (I was thinking that near the start she gets ambushed and has to find her gear again) may be a way to upgrade the sword and armor to make it better and more suited the situation.\n\nI can see the combat using the same combat system as the Arkham games but The Shadow Of Mordor combat system might also work. \n\nYour thoughts?"
c6pt7h,Hey! Suggestions please?,
c6p2hs,Am looking for 3d rgp game idea,There will be a maze in which the player have to complete in a certain minute and the player must collect some certain coin before the time runs out also there will be some obstacles like enemies which to player have to eliminate on they way or what do you say?
c6oxis,shitty game i thought of,"Imagine a horror game like love,death and robots where there are scenarios that arent connected. For example one scenario could be about an exorcist and another one about researching cryptids and ect"
c6ovv2,Am look 3d top/rpg game idea,There will be a maze in which the player have to complete in a certain minute and the player must collect some certain coin before the time runs out also there will be some obstacles like enemies which to player have to eliminate on they way or what do you say?
c6juy5,Purge Multiplayer Game,"Sorry for this being really long\n\nA Idea for a purge game \n\nFirst In a BR/Battle Royale gamemode In the game you start out with a timer(on tv’s around the store) and money to buy guns and weapons which is first come first serve once the timer had ended all law is gone which means everyone can kill each other \nNow you don’t really have to eat the last one alive to win you can also just wait until the purge ends with is 24hrs(24 or so mins in real time)\nAlso you can team up with people by inviting them will in the match/game\nBut they can still kill you and you can still kill them so try not to trust everyone you see\nBut there is also duos and squads which are the same as the battle Royale just with a full team \n\nAlso there are hunger and thirst which you would die but it will give you negative effect like poor sight/vision,weaker hit with melee, and more\nYou can go to areas like hospitals,grocery stores,police stations,gun shops stuff like that\n\nAlso you can have your own house in the game not as a advance but as a neat add on you can custom it with whatever look you want at all \n\nNow if you don’t like battle Royale there other gamemodes like house defense were your’re a rich family(squad) in your home will purgers are trying to get in your’re home and kill you but they probably only have pistols or melee will the rich have ar’s or shotguns \n\nThe rich can layout traps and stuff but the purgers can break stuff like doors,windows ,the lights and more\n\nThere would probably be 3 or 1 whole big waves/rounds and each round the purgers who died respawn back \n\nOther gamemode is based on purge Election Day were a squad of swat are to protect the president but your not stuck in one room you have to move out to a van/car to get her or him out and the president can’t shoot a gun until 2 of her/his swat members are gone\n\nSo that’s my idea for a purge multiplayer game what do you think?"
c6j7h0,I'm looking for a simple 2D game idea.,"Hello fellow game devs,\n\nI'm looking for a simple game idea which I could make in about 1 - 1.5 months. I consider myself intermediate at making games even tho I never finished a medium or large scale project (I consider this to be a game which is pretty entertaining and should take 30 or more minutes to complete). \n\nI'm not looking for a fully fledged game idea just a fun core mechanic and genre or maybe just enough to make a minimal viable product. I could expand on that. \n\nThanks!"
c6cw8x,A zombie game where you slow time,"The game would have you being a person with the ability to slow time trying to buy a group of survivors time to escape. The premise would be this, a large hoarder of fast moving zombies are trying to eat a group of 4-18 survivors. The ai controlled survivors vs the horde of ai zombies. If you dont help then the survivors would surely die.\nThis would make it much more like a puzzle game. The way you help would be pushing over furniture or closing doors. You would make traps so the horde is slowed. You must make sure that a good majority can escape."
c67z2i,Fullfields,"My idea is for a semi-open world survival-horror game in the same vain as Silent Hill but much more open-ended and explorable. I can only recall one game that has ever explored this idea, and that was Alan Wake's American Nightmare which offered a small yet fully explorable map to complete objectives. Problem is, American Nightmare wasn't all that scary and felt more action oriented. \n\nFullfields is a psychological horror about a young man dealing with his most inner demons. A lot of the horror is personal to myself and my own experiences (some exaggerated for the story of course) of social anxiety and the feeling of the almost crippling fear of social ostracism that leads to someone becoming a recluse. It's also a commentary about teens in my generation feeling depressed and mismatched in a world that seems to reject them rather than accept them.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nGAMEPLAY\n\nI imagine the gameplay being similar to the recent Resident Evil 2 remake with an over-the-shoulder camera angle for combat, and in the same vain as RE2, would be very focused on puzzle solving as well as combat and survival. Some puzzles are optional and will net you a surplus of ammunition and weapons which are in short supply, others are essential to advancing the story.\n\nThe game is divided into certain 'sections' starting in a well-to-do suburban neighborhood, continuing into the dense city center, and ending in a bland industrial area. Each section has its own points of interest which are fully explorable. For example, an apartment complex in the suburban section, an office building in the city center, and a warehouse in the industrial area. As well as some explorable buildings to scavenge for medical items and ammunition.\n\nThe game also features stealth, a reliable skill to use when low on ammo and surrounded by the game's many forms of psychedelic monsters. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSTORY\n\nI've been toying with the idea of pulling a Doki Doki and present the game as some sort of High-School drama adventure game. The story is meant to be a sort-of pisstake on Teen drama shows, with your stereotypical jocks, nerds, and popular girls. \n\nThe story starts with our protagonist, (we'll call him Jesse) laying awake in bed at night, pondering the recent disappearance of his girlfriend after a heated argument. After days of search parties and APBs, Jesse loses faith in the authorities to find her and sets out by himself. With a flashlight and no plan of action, he wanders into the night to find her. Events transpire and he finds himself in a mirrored world of the city, completely abandoned save for a slew of mysterious monsters and incorporeal entities. As he traverses this world, he meets a few familiar faces, the high-school's resident bullies, Tom and Lindsay, both of which still flaunt their social status over Jesse even in this time of peril, but over time begin to warm to him when it is revealed that they are no different to him, as they have their own set of psychological problems. Obviously I don't want to spoil the story in case this actually does get off the ground, but the main theme of the story is to forget the grudges of the past (bullies, fallouts, etc.) and focus on improving your own life in adulthood. Basically, a coming of age story with a horror twist."
c6436m,"Penis game with Alexa, Cortana, Siri etc. game.","Penis game with Alexa, Cortana, Siri, ect. game. You and a friend say for example “hey Alexa” louder and louder until one of you triggers a response. That person loses."
c63w5m,Spheres of Fate,"Hello Reddit people,\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n Sorry if the post is long or awkward to read it's my first post. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf I knew how to make games I'd try begging by making it as a proof of concept allowing at most 10 players to play together just to gauge interest.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Genre:** It'd be a VR survival rp style game maybe one day an mmo but for the demo make it small co-op of like 4 - 6 peeps then expand when ya get the funding (if ya get funding).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n **How it works:**  The game is centered around the concept of skill/magic spheres which you can attach to weapons with most weapons having 6 sphere slots (slots depend on quality of the item), then to use the skill/magic you simply tap the sphere prior to doing your weapons attack i.e. with the bow you tap a sphere then you fire an arrow.\n\n \n\nAs far as classes there would be the main classes defined by the weapon they use i.e. a bow class, then there's sub-classes players would only be allowed at most 2 sub-classes the type of classes would be stuff like cooking or tracking.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**The World:** The world would be a post magical apocalypse in a fantasy world, wherein those whom are left alive are typically wanderers, most the story would be discovered within the books/items one can find around the world.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe world wouldn't necessarily have levels for monsters so that players can technically venture anywhere but the monsters would be more frequent in certain areas for example within a cave that contains valuable materials such as mythril or platinum.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThere would also be no NPCs as the idea of the sub-classes is that the players start building there own functioning society some might decide to have a world where they just trade items others might decide to use a currency but the idea would always be that players make the world a lived in place.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Style:** When I imagine this game I picture something halfway between the visuals of Orbus and Log Horizon\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThanks for reading my idea/post, feel free to ask more questions about it I have waaaaay more thoughts on it but didn't want to go on too long."
c60cep,SMILEY - A teeth collecting serial killer 2d game,"OK - I apologize ... sick idea - dark humor \n\n“I like your teeth...  “ - smiley\n\nTop-down or isometric\n\nSmiley is an child-like adult with a large smile who lures people with candy by making a Pac-Man like path that leads to a deadly trap.  \n\nSmiley wears a dentist outfit and is attracted by shiny toothy smiles.\n\nOnce you trap your victims you still need to brush their teeth or they become worthless ...  do this by shaking your phone like you would brush your teeth.\n\nYou need to revisit the sites of your victims daily to check on those teeth and brush.\n\nAfter 5 days the victims teeth can be harvested and given to an evil tooth fairy for traps, lures, breath mints, better tooth brushes, beetles that decompose the body faster, deodorizer, boom box to cover up noise, mops, plants to cover bodies...etc\n\nProblems - police, dogs, nosey neighbors, FBI, rodents, victims noise, alarms, messy crime scene, smell\n\nWhen smiley visits the bodies an odor follows him for a while (or blood or mud).  He has to stay away from being detected.  \n\nBecome infamous by lasting the most days before you are caught and racking up the largest tooth count."
c5zszy,typing game with animations and stuff. bor really focused on typing speed as much as learning basic words,"cat\n\ntype cat \n\nword cat transforms into a little cat png and tweens to the bottom of the window\n\nthe cat icon will occasionally meow, lick or hiss.. adding these words to the incoming words\n\nIf you do cat and dog so that both are on screen, you get the following special words not normally available: \n\n* bark, growl, chase, hiss, stay\n\nIf you type chase first, dog will chase cat across the screen aiming directly at the word stay /stop/synonyms - the cat will jump over it, the dog will just break the obstacle - and when there are no words left that you could tell the dog to stop, he chases the cat off screen\n\n\n\ntl;dr every word has an animation. typing pink will make the next word pink, typing green does green, typing cat spawns a cat and makes the next words cat things t_t, typing kittens gives you kittens, typing dog means dog things, getting both a dog and cat (set of {cat, dog})at the same time brings in unique words specific to that se like stay, sit, chase, bark, growl, hiss.. \n\nWhat do you think?\n\nother languages, eg japanese\n\ntyping aoi would make fruit or vegetables green, while other things blue. nelo could spawn nelo stuff, neko musume gives you a cute animal girl because japan\n\nessentially this is one of those typing games but given some production effects and love"
c5vz6g,Need character ideas,"This is a 3D horror game where you play as a teenage girl doing the graveyard shift at an isolated gas station, and various creeps/customers come up to you, and you have to sustain conversations with them, with multiple choice answers. Think of Puppet Combo’s Night Shift meets Rides with Strangers. I only have eight customers in mind so far:\n\nA mentally unstable woman who has recently lost her child and her ‘finisher’ is kidnapping you and attempting to raise you\n\nA Texas-Chainsaw-Massacre-esque cannibal chef (think Drayton) who wants you in the pan\n\nA detective looking for a girl, aged 17-19, last seen in a secluded gas station. He may arrest you, thinking you are the killer.\n\nThe actual killer, who, guess what, can kill you.\n\nA hillbilly hick who is drunk on his dad’s moonshine and tries to rob the place with his brothers/cousins Chester, Cletus, Bobby Joe, Doyle, Rufus, Rodney, Billy, Austin, Buck, Ellis, Bubba, Jedidiah, Judson, Chip and Charlie (tell me if I missed any names).\n\nA nerdy neckbeard interested in this charming young lady at the gas station *tips fedora m’lady*\n\nAnd finally, the comrade, a Russian kidnapper who’s pulled up to stock up on black bread and vodka but is wary of you finding out about his day job.\n\nI’ve been thinking about adding a crazy cat lady and a hitman too.\n\nWhat I want, is character ideas. Criticism and tips also welcome.\n\nBless"
c5u985,2.5D limbo like game where you can only point at stuff,"GAME STORY:\nYour character is a child who wakes up in a dark world and finds a man who is carries him and protects him. The child and man have no way of communicating except that the child asks the man to do stuff by pointing at it.\n\nGAME MECHANIC:\nSince the child is very weak, he cannot fight or push levers or push crates/boxes whatever. Basically the player can only point to whatever needs to be done. The man carrying you is dumb af. So you tell him by pointing where you want to go. Your cursor's position will continously change the direction of the boy's arm to guide the man where he should go. You can also click on boxes to tell the man to grab them and then ask him to move. You can also click to jump. Or click on switches to press them.\n\nPROGRESSION:\nThe game starts off easy with not much to do except to guide the man on which path he should take. Since the player will have a different field of view so the player will be able to see things that the man or the boy cannot see. Therefore the player can plan stuff accordingly and move to whichever path is easiest.\n\nAs the game gets harder, there will be puzzles to solve. Then eventually levels where the man will be terrified and wont really go where you want him to go so you will have to control the man during such chaos. \n\nSETTING:\nAll this will be set in a limbo like dystopian future kinda world with similar scary/horror/panic elements.\n\nPlease gimme ideas of what else i can put into the game or how this can be improved.  I want to have interesting/new mechanics that can go well with the setting of the game. Thanks. :D"
c5qogs,"Tekken/MK style game with ""Chad"", ""Kyle"", ""Neckbeard"" style characters","Idea is based off [this image](https://i.imgur.com/0bMoart.jpg). \nFor a special move, Kyle downs a monster and basically falcon punches the opponent. \n\nChet actually does nothing, just stands behind lawyers and you see comic book style POWs/WHAMs except it says LAWSUIT/INJUNCTION/RESTRAINING ORDER. \n\nNeckbeard summons his waifu like Ashe's Bob in Overwatch. \n\nBrony that has a bunch of MLP characters follow him like Pikmen."
c5o5ua,How could you turn the Windows 98 maze screen saver into a game?,maybe some type of horror game? or an infinitely sprawling maze that has small villages in it with quests or something? and you have to memorize the route? \n\nthis is the maze btw:\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-yMd9Kt4mQ
c5njhr,[logistics mobile game] Red Ball Express 1944,"July 15th, 1944\n\nThe allies have established a beachhead on the Normandy coast, but Hitler’s forces have started to suspect that its not just a diversion away from Calais. Allied forces are getting bogged down in hedgerows, still at risk of getting pushed back into the sea, and facing the most dire enemy of all: supply shortages. An army marches on its stomach and the massive multi-nation force is no exception. Despite months of planning to construct artificial harbors — codenamed Mulberry — storms in the Atlantic have wrecked one and damaged another. Whats more, the narrow roads of the french countryside make traffic jams all too easy. The battle to move stuff might never get a movie directed by Steven Spielberg, but even he would agree: while amateurs talk tactics, professionals talk logistics. \n\nYour job: keep ammo, food, and fuel moving towards the front as your supply lines stretch from Cherbourg to Paris and beyond.\n\n——\n\nI figure this would make a good mobile game. You can have random events like storms or sorties by the not-yet-crushed Luftwaffe. It would be a good way to teach about an aspect of the war that isn’t well-suited to cinema, RTS, or FPS. If you want, you could look up some of the personal histories of those involved in the Red Ball Express and give them some representation.\n\nIf its successful, then there are ample opportunities for sequels dealing with ...pretty much any major military operation in history.\n\n\nI guess it would probably take inspiration from factorio or even Transport Tycoon. But there’s almost certainly room to invent your own mechanics."
c5lxmt,Desolated Nightmares (may think of another plot okay dont get mad),"As I fell asleep I founded my self on a small island with just a few coconut trees and a small shack covered with a thick fog as I entered the shack I saw a many people conjoined begging for help. I ran backwards out and seeing the coconut are now heads chanting something under their breaths. I woken up by the sheer fear of what I saw\n(Yes I had this nightmare for real) \nAnd I thought about it as I got ready for school. As I went for the bus stop I over heard a few people saying they had a nightmare where ""a creepy girl with resident evil style claws and a smile that looked like it was cut up to make it to her ears was chasing after me through a huge hallway"" \nI didn't think much of it as I was on the bus but instead of my dream\n\nOkay this was just the intro of the game and what not if this gets good feedback I'll keep the intro if not I'll rewrite it later"
c5kwjj,How would you go about making a John Wick game?,"I saw a similar post about One Punch Man game, how do you go about making a fun game out of an op character? For John Wick he isn't entirely invincible but he does have a lot of power. I think it would have to be a stealth game with open Hitman / Dishonored style levels. Also including action with optional stealth gameplay. How would you do this?"
c57udq,Mass Production game like Factorio,"Player gets into a lab and is able to craft / assemble a product. \n\nThat product can be anything from  \nToy,  \nDrink,  \nFood item,  \nChocolate,  \nIce creams  \netc.  \n\[But mostly this is restrictive as not many items can fall into the category of mass production,consumption and coolness of product\]\n\nAfter the product has been made, it will be needed to mass produced. This is where the game will have RCT and Factorio style construction of machines and belts and assigning roles and duties.  \nThen when the product is made it will need to be shipped out to markets. The player will need to do the branding at market to the correct target audience to find success in the product.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf product is good, $$$$, if not company and player fails.\n\nThen give player a reason to make new product (haven't thought of this )\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis could have amazing Willy Wonka style oompa loompas as workers and funky machines for a little humour.  \nThe game could also have a Santa's elves or reindeers as workers for the Big Christmas Day as DLC."
c55aib,A Natural Disaster Survival Simulation Game,"Okay, so I have a few ideas for this one. Mind you, for each of these I am imagining a 1st person perspective\n\n1. Tornado Survival - The game would be set in a moderately sized town in the midwest. The game would start with the news broadcast telling everyone a tornado is coming in the next three days and to prepare. And so, you have a checklist of things to get  and a budget to make sure you survive through it and you have to get them within three days in order to survive the oncoming tornado. If you get everything and follow the checklist to a tea, you will survive. However, you are completely free to be a complete maniac and run out into the storm and try to survive it yourself. If you somehow manage to do it, you get a secret ending. The town that you live in has a lot of stuff to do in it. Of course there's the different shops to get your supplies from, but there's also fun miscellaneous stuff to do as well such as the arcade if you want to be get maniac ending. The difficulty is the size of the tornado. For certain tornadoes, you will have different things on you checklist to get and a different budget. The F5 tornado is obviously the hardest one, having the longest checklist but the tighter budget.\n\n2. Hurricane Survival - This one is very much like the Tornado Survival one, just with a coastal city hurricane and the survival takes longer. After the hurricane hits, you have wait it out and hope that your house is strong enough while you do constant repairs on it. Of course, if you want to be a crazy dude with a surf board, floating through the sunk coastal city that used to be your home. Just good luck finding food if you didn't repair.\n\n3. Sinking Ship Survival - This one is very different from the last two. Essentially, you wake up to find that the cruise ship you are on is sinking. So, it's up to you to run and try to make to a lifeboat in time. This one would be randomly generated (placement of items and spawn point and such) but each and every seed is completely possible to beat, some may just be a bit more complicated than others."
c54d8k,Future game idea,"(Get ready for a long post in trying to make it as easy to read as possible) \nI’ve been brainstorming this idea for months now and it is very unrealistic in what today’s technology can do however I think it will definitely be possible in my current generation life time I’m 19. \n\nMOTIVATION: \n\nI will start with saying this game idea popped up from me playing Minecraft and mmorpgs. I loved the idea of Minecraft and being able to do anything and I loved the idea of an mmorpg where you grind and get stronger something that in the real world you cannot do. I’m also a huge anime fan and wanted to combine sword art online with soemthing like overlord. \n\n\nTHE IDEA: \n\nSo, the game would be an open world mmorpg with a destructible map and highly intelligent NPCs/AI. It will take place on future VR headsets, possibly consoles and PCs however the main idea of this game revolves around the dependency of the evolution of VR gaming. \n\nHow do you start off? \n\nYou spawn in the beginner city which is heavily guarded and the most hardest area to raid if your an evil player and want to raid the beginner city. You start off with the option to chose your gender and age and voice whether it’s low or deep etc... You can get a job work make money buy a house, get a stable income and then get a bunch of armor and weapons and apply to join the army etc... the beginner cities may not support certain classes and you Will unfortunately be forced to use a class you don’t. Want until your strong enough to go out into the world and then go to the country town or secret area that supports your specific class. A class could also be outlawed completely from the beginner city. For example dark Magic’s (obviously). Overall there is no starting off. Once you join the game you can do ANYTHING. If you get out in jail for like 2 years you can start another character however it requires you to delete your current character, if you die you will respawn at where you put your spawn point kinda like beds with Minecraft EVerytime you die you will lose all your items unless you for example have gear that’s soulbound and stays with you. \n\nWhat are your limits? \n\nThere will be many limits for example no eating/drinking, no sex, you can’t smell things, you can physically feel things but not pain, you can hear and speak. There will be a man story and that’s your characters story and how you will impact the world, you can write in the game, protest if a player joins and creates shit laws. You can be a prison warden, you can sneak your friends out of prison if your a high leveled rogue. You can invade other countries and attempt to take over the world however for obviously reasons this will be nearly impossible. And from launch will probably take YEARS to find out information about the specific country, build a army, master your specific class, find players willing to invade the specific country and find other higher skilled players in general. All this and you will still be facing other players defending specific countries. Yes you will be able to invade villages and towns however word would get out quickly about what you are doing and you can become a famous villain and even be hunted by other players. So yeah there is a lot of shit to do.\n\nNPCs/AI:\n\nI think the most revolutionary thing about this game is the NPCs and AI, I do not know if this is possible or ever will be possible however they will be so smart that they will think for themselves, they will be able to copy human emotions, emulate them through code, you can marry these NPCS have children... no that doesn’t mean sex. There will be approximately one million Of these NPCs throughout the world, in villages, cities, towns, etc... each with different personalities motivations etc.. the NPCs can die, they don’t respawn. The npcs can have children. Which will happen a lot because pvp is enabled all the time just like real life lol. And they can be killed. There will be AI guards AI poor people etc... obviously they wouldn’t be as smart as humans however I would try to make them as smart as possible. If they don’t like you they can break up with you, they can attempt to kill you, etc...\n\nThe world: \n\nMy goal would be to make the game single player as much as it is multiplayer. If your the only player you don’t feel alone. The game still runs and AI evolve the world even with players not on it. However the goal of your adventure in this world is to impact the world. You can build things your own villages towns cities NATIONS. You can become a judge, you can become a teacher to teach newer players, you can marry other people not limited by gender or races, (races like goblins you can marry don’t expect to have children with other races unless they are adopted. You can protest against abusive laws. etc.. \n\nEnemy nations:\n\nDay 1 you will spawn in with 4 big nations each having different ideals and motivations for there country. I don’t know what races these nations will be but expect them all to be different. I also haven’t decided if a player can be another race yet but most likely. At the start of the game they all start neutral but as you impact the AI and the world you can turn nations against each other or influence certain countries to do a specific thing. \n\nThoughts?\n\nI spent like an hour typing this out I would LOVE feedback I know this is a very unrealistic idea but think about how much technology in gaming has advanced since 2000-2019 in only 20 years we were able to accomplish this much. And in 17 years we were able to produce the first VR headsets. This idea largely relies on VR headsets and how they will evolve and change. I’ve done the research and know that the science for this hasn’t even been worked on yet but I think it will be the time my generation dies out and I hope I’m apart of it. This is my first time posting here so if I made a mistake with the rules or anything I did that incorrect please tell me. The rest of what I will be talking about will be out of order and you don’t have to read it just ideas that I have for the game. If you have anything long to add or an idea feel free to dm. \n\nOpen world\n\nThe open world will be HUGE I’m not sure how big yet.  Obviously the world design team would take care of that stuff like how many buildings if it will support different servers or have one big open world with everyone inside the main server this depends largely on player size and most likely there would be a player number limiter like on Minecraft servers. Basically the scale I’m thinking is that it would be country sized. This is a highly in the future style game. I’m sure once it will be created technology will advanced to the point where it would be able to generate a world the size of the United States with no loading zones and have millions of players online. But the more land we make the more AI we would have to put sooo I’m thinking roughly the size of a small state like New York or a bit smaller cause that’s still fairly big. The worlds will be medieval and not that advanced. It will have different biomes etc... as realistic as technology is able to make it. \n\nMmorpg aspect:\n\nI don’t know if I would even call this an mmorpg I feel like it would create its own genre of game. But anyways it would be like Minecraft. Stuff to craft, items to forge like jewels that give you special gifts like the ability to teleport between towns that you have been too. There is a beginning character creator but besides that you have to buy things at shops with micro transacti- just kidding. With the worlds currency, there will be stores pre maid into the game etc... lets say you want to be like iron man and be this mecha suit dude who can shoot lasers etc... you can craft stuff like that however expect to start off with low level mecha armor that’s only iron you get a slight jump boost (no flying). Or let’s say you wanna be a stereotypical mage in the game who cast spells you can do that as well. One of the benefits of having a mage type abilities is being able to teleport to other areas besides having to ride on horses to get across the countryside etc... after launch we will add more classes into the game however let’s say you choose a class and aren’t happy with it there’s no create a new character you just stop learning from that class and go somewhere else to learn about something else entirely. \n\nOther:\n\nThe only updates coming to the game will be editional crafting options and minor updates to balancing and classes in general. I want the player to feel like they can have an idea for a class they want to do and go in the game to find it available. If the game is dead for a few years possible because there is peace throughout the world and the main enemies threatening it have stopped we won’t touch the game and add a enemy. Instead YOU will go and do that yourself. If the game is dead make an army and go invade a country and see what happens? \nI wanna talk about the combat system. There will be many many many weapons and abilities available in the game. Let’s say you have two swords and decide to become a dark magic swordsmen. Depending on what spell you want to cast on your sword depends on the movement you make with your body. Don’t be afraid about accidentally using this in a public area and going to jail you can turn off spell cast in your menu. You can move your hands a certain way and it will enchant the sword with dark magic. With this your blades can pierce more and you can throw them hit something and it comes back to you like Thor’s hammer! Overall the combat will be fun and realistic. The thing I’m most excited for is how players will use all of these abilities as battle tactics. You can find special ability combos (not literal combos stuff like confusing the enemy with mutiple spells) you can distract people and then attack from behind or flank. The swordsman combat will be hyper realistic. The combat people creating the game would make an AI that teaches players how to wield a sword correctly. There will be potions and magic mixing spells etc... if you don’t want to fight and just want a place to feel free and stay away from the real world you can spend your day throughout the city looking around shopping or going home staying at your house. We want to provide players with options. Anyways let’s say players successfully invade the city and destroy it entirely obviously AI will die (there will be items in game to revive the dead however they are class specific. Would be cool for someone to have a job that specifically requires them to go out and heal dead people at the price of well you know lots of cash) we would probably shut down the game if that happens change newer player spawn zones to ensure they don’t get spawned killed. I also want to talk about what you do in the game having consequences. Let’s say you kill a huge monster in the game but that monster has a family and children. When word gets out that you killed his father that kid will obviously want revenge. I want to take this time to talk about aging in the game. Things age including you, you will have aging but hyper accelerated just like everything within the game. 10 years in the real world will be 20 years in the game. Meaning if that kid wants revenge he will have to spend years getting stronger. Now let’s talk about mastering your abilities and classes. It largely depends on the class but if your an average Knight it will take 2-4 in game years for you to master your class. Other things in game will take up to 10. Players faces age NPCs age. Etc... and they die due to age. What would be cool is finding two classes to master in like I said swordsmen and the dark magic thing and combine them both... it will take longer to master however you will be gifted with unique abilities and powers because of that. If all this is in the game I’m confident the game would never die out unless someone literally gets so powerful they destroy the entire world but that’s impossible unless you get a series of max level mages that combine and cast a spell that destroys huge amounts of areas and land. Kinda like a mini nuke... but each city has magic guarding it so don’t expect to crush through it that easily. But anything is possible in the game so who’s to say that won’t happen? Cost for this not sure how inflection will impact pricing of these games but probably in between a consoles price and PC price so with today’s technology 599-999, for the VR headset the actual game? Probably the same price as a traditional console game lol."
c53u7q,A story of stray cats!," \n\nHello guys. I want to make a game. I've heard many words like you can't work with random people, but I don't have anything, and I really want to work with it, so I still want to have a try.\n\n1. Most importantly, I'm a student, I have no money. If the game is part-done, we may try crowdfunding or early access, but before that, there won't be anything paid. In that case, I require that each one joining this project to have a personal objective (E.g. to improve personal skill) and love the idea (full of willing to achieve it), and there's no time and no skill required.\n2. I won't be the boss, everyone recruited would decide the new members and working methods and the way the project goes together. Therefore, everyone shall be responsible to the team and the work. The process of recruiting may also be long (and the making process longer), so make sure you are not in hurry for anything.\n3. I'm almost a person with nothing. Well, I have the basic knowledge of how a video game would work and how would it be constructed, but I don't have any experience really doing it, nor skills of programming nor drawing. But, I have a rich experience making chatting RPG (RPG using chat to give information and interact), so I'm good writing storylines, dialogues and setting up the scene. And I also have resources of publishing, but that would be much later. And the most important is, I would love to listen and learn from you guys, we can learn from each other, and improve ourselves.\n4. If you still haven't closed this page, I love you guys. So here's the basic setting: It would be a game combining survival and storytelling, and it would tell stories about stray cats. Basically, the players would play the role of a stray cat, which need water, food, home and......spouse, and protect itself from dangers of human and other animals. The resources can be gained by discovering the map, but more importantly, by interacting with humans and other animals (fighting, stealing, being cute......). There could be hidden numbers deciding the rate of success in each option. If it goes with what I think, the players would have high freedom to decide their own style of surviving and write their own story.\n5. I've also thought about more details (E.g. online/offline, 2D or 3D, etc.), but I think it would be better if we talk about it and make decisions together.\n\nAll and all, thank you for reading all of this (and tolerating my poor English, it has lost a lot since I came to Spain). To be honest, I don't know if this would work, and my idea would work, but I choose to give it a go and believe in the world.\n\nTo show interest, just comment and I'll give you my discord."
c534lm,Ideas needed for a 2d hypercasual game.,Read the title.
c530a3,I need ideas for a hypercasual 3d game.,Idk read the title.
c51s9o,A game about operation barbarossa but you plays as a wehrmacht troop,
c514wo,Web War franchise rep ideas.,"Alright, so about my earlier post on the updated version of Web War. I have a few franchises already in mind that would be included, should the game become a thing. Those being stuff like RWBY, TOME: Terrain of Magical Expertise, possibly SMG4, Gildedguy, and maybe the web comic Erma. That's about all I can think of so far. If anyone else has any ideas, please feel free to let me know. I'll be more than happy to look up any suggestions!"
c4ze7x,Traditional fighting game with guns,Seeing how popular Eron Black is in the MK games it kind of sad as he mainly is used to zone. In Injustice it was the same with Deadshot etc. so why not have a game full of characters with lots of different styles of guns.
c4wus3,I need help for game development!,"Okay... I’m gonna get this out of the way. I’m new to game making but want to get into it. I have an end project I’d like to work towards (an “end game” if you will) but know it will take a long time before then. In that time I’d like to make a start on developing my development skills, but I am so overwhelmed by the ever engrossing market of development tools and although I’ve tried many none really seemed to resonate with me and my lack of experience.\n\nSo I would just like to say this-ehem-“game developers of reddit, what engine/ application should I start with when making simple games?”"
c4wkmd,Breaking Bad Video Game!!,"Plain and simple video game idea, and I bet anyone else would agree that it would be Ana amazing video game"
c4vgzv,Simple Mobile Game Ideas?,"Hey Reddit, \n\nWhat are some simple mobile game ideas that only involve one interaction from the person playing the game (for example, a swipe, tap, double-tap, etc)?"
c4uyt6,COD:Blackout + storyline + RPG leveling system,"This would literally be the best game in the world if the actual developers would wake up.\n\nBlackout is a battle royal with characters, but the story wasn’t included. We don’t need a single player campaign, we can do this in blackouts multiplayer worlds. \n\nCustomize your own character, the player is now heavily invested in their characters progression. \n\nOur story begins with the breakdown of society, and our player must out survival everyone else. \n\nInvent a reason why your character respawns. Progressively level up your character collecting regular loot, but also some permanent loot that carries with the higher levels. \n\nEach level could have its own story on respawn if your bold about it. Keep the short and to the point\n\nYou always get respawned in your own skill range, which would keep the game fair. Low levels start with no loot, higher levels kitted out.\n\nPlayers are now more willing to buy nice loot the higher in the game they are. \n\nEveryone is now having a fantastic time surviving the collapse together, while viciously murdering each other :D"
c4tre0,Web War (reimagined version),"(Please note: This is a thought for an alternate genre of a game idea that I posted in the past, ""Web War"". It was originally posted as a ""crossover fighting game between web series"", and, although it will still carry the same crossover concept, the genre has been changed to a turn-based strategy RPG mildly inspired by the likes of video games such as the Project X Zone and Mario &amp; Luigi franchises.)\n\nStory Info: The idea of worlds existing other than our own, housing unknown creatures great and small, is an exciting concept indeed. Some worlds could be entirely unique, with its own personal collection of inhabitants, locations, and landmarks. Or some could even be parallel versions of already existing ones. Regardless of the ideas, it is near impossible to be able know what truly lurks behind the dimensional boundaries, leaving it all up to one's own imagination.\n\nOr at least... that's what everyone thought.\n\nNot all is well. Across these various worlds, there have been sightings of peculiar holes resembling shatters in glass. Those who have ventured too close have not been seen since. Worse, the holes appear to be growing larger and larger with each passing day, threatening to swallow the entirety of the land. The cause? An enigmatic demon girl whose real name is unknown. However, the few who have seen her have given her the name of ""The Uniter"", as her main goal appears to be to merge all worlds into one... and annihilate it afterwards. What could be the purpose behind her intentions? How many innocents are being put in harm's way? How much time does the multiverse have before it is destroyed?\n\n...Hee hee hee hee... Well, I'll tell you this much. Consider this li'l joyride... revenge.\n\nGameplay Info: Web War is a turn-based tactical role-playing game featuring a cast of some of your favorite characters from across the Internet. In this game, you venture through the landscapes of a wide assortment of familiar locations, while trying to survive against The Uniter's legions and the various inhabitants of each world. Every now and then, you may run into a creature who has wound up in a place they don't belong. The question begs, though: will they be a new friend, or a deadly adversary? Upon entering battle, you can select a maximum of three characters on your team to fight. But be careful. Once you start a battle, there is no option to skip. You can quit the fight, if need be, but it will merely bring you back to the point just before the encounter. Also, there is no option to quit during boss battles. During combat, your three characters will each have a set of options to choose from during their turns. Melee attacks do a fair amount of damage, but also leave you vulnerable, slightly increasing the damage you take that turn. Ranged attacks do not leave you vulnerable in exchange for normally doing much less damage. Guarding will lessen the pain you feel this turn by half. Items will heal you, restore Special Points (SP) and Trait Points (TP), revive fallen teammates, and maybe even affect your opponents. Special Attacks are various attacks you can perform that dish out an extra punch at the cost of SP. The more SP the move costs, the higher the damage it will do, and a character's most powerful Special Attack will trigger a unique cinematic animation. Lastly, Traits are skills that your characters can use that never cause any direct damage, but can add extra positive gimmicks such as stat boosts and SP restoration, and inflict your enemies with negative bonuses like lowering stats and causing status conditions, all at the cost of TP. Keep in mind, though, that each playable character has their own different Special Attacks and Traits, and that bosses have access to them as well.\n\n(Another note: I would give a list of playable characters, but I have not thought of enough of them to be able to show anything near complete. If it wouldn't be too much trouble, tell me what you think I should do. Otherwise, just feel free to tell me your thoughts on this updated version of Web War! I've been brainstorming the whole concept for well over a year now, so you could almost say that I've been putting my heart and soul into imagining what this crossover would be like!)"
c4t5ph,A zombie survival game where you play as a survivor and have no effect on what's happening.,"Here's how I mean. The game is open world. You start off making a character who's just your typical suburban office worker. The game starts off on just another normal day when the first infections start happening. You first have to survive the initial chaos, then it's your choice how you survive (alone in the wilderness, with randomly generated groups of survivors, staying in one place, always on the move, etc.). The focus of the game would be how you're just an insignificant survivor like everyone else, basically just going with the flow as things happen. Your goal is simply to survive until the point that people finally start eradicating the zombies and rebuilding. Also, the game can be permadeath if you want."
c4svxs,A sandbox survival game but you are a mouse!,"I've been thinking of this game for a while now so I'd thought I'd share here! \n\nBasically, it'd be a Single player survival game where you can make a home, hunt and craft items the more you'd upgrade the better chances of being able to hunt bigger things and survive, along with exploring to find new areas which would have cities where you can sell what you have and buy better things to hunt.\n\n   \n The setting would be a normal world (that might be post-apocalyptic, not sure yet)  but from the view of mice (and a few other small species)  So their armor and tools would look like they're makeshift out of things they'd forage or thing's they hunted (like crab or Scorpion armor) Finding some NPCs you run into can teach new skills for fighting or magic for a fee.  \n\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Difficulty**  \nEven though the game would look cute I was thinking it could have the difficulty level of Monster Hunter!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Main species:**  \nMice \n\nRats\n\nbats\n\nGuinea pigs\n\n\-----  \n(Other species I had thought about adding in but they're already way too much as it is so they'd probably be just npcs)  \nHamsters\n\nChameleons\n\nCrocodile skinks\n\nHedgehogs\n\nSkunk\n\nPossum\n\nWeasel \n\nSquirrel\n\nSugar gliders\n\nBunnies\n\nMoles\n\nAxolotl \n\nFrogs\n\nGeckos\n\n# Add-ons (Don't really need but just thoughts I had) \n\n**Fishing mini-games:**  \nYou can fish but there is a chance you can encounter something huge like a koi or a catfish which you'd have to fight.\n\n**Mounts:**   \n You can find bird eggs to keep and raise as a mount or find a full-grown bird and attempt to tame it. The higher level you are in bird taming the better chance of gaining a flying or more aggressive mount like an eagle or an owl.   \n\n\n**Gliders:**  \nJust gliders that are actually Hercules beetles ('cause I think they're neat!)  \n\n\n**Forming Bonds with NPCs:**   \ntalking to them or giving gifts to befriend them\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Cooking mini-game:**   \nJust Cooking what you find and making recipes but some recipes can create poisons, Find recipes from Chef NPCs. \n\n  \nLink for the concept art I've done so far, for a better visual!    \n[https://docs.google.com/document/d/16R5L8YRZDNg6SKnYm7v4CRjLTto6T5rfjf1lXQrHJeY/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16R5L8YRZDNg6SKnYm7v4CRjLTto6T5rfjf1lXQrHJeY/edit?usp=sharing)"
c4rsg6,I need 2d ideas with simple graphics.,"As the title says, I would like to get some ideas with easy to make graphics. Something like downwell or limbo. I would like the setting to be in a dark / mysterious world."
c4qm2k,Johnny Red State,Its some run and gun game that ive been thinking out and stuff\n\nhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/171zU4rUJzEBzFJUT94odDwIIfg4fbJaI2qyiat7Zv9A/edit?usp=drivesdk\n\nLol i already wrote everything here so
c4q1ue,Plant-former - A platformer game where you use different plants to progress and then when you go back through the level they've attracted enemies,"Story: You're an astronaut who crash lands on a barren planet on which you were sent to teraform into an inhabitable home. As you enter the atmosphere your escape pod separates from the main ship and you watch as it crashes in the distance into a mountain. Upon surivaval you exit the pod with your trusty teraformer, which is solar powered and holds a limited amount of water. (for reference i'm imagining something similar to astroneer). \n\nThe main idea of the game is that you use plants you find along the way to progress, however, you often need to back track through a level and when you do you find that the plants have attracted different life forms (ie. plants attract insects, water holes attract predators). The more plants and water you use the easier a level may be but when you go back through it the harder it will be. The theme of the game is learning that nature is not fair or evil but just based on survival.  \n\nTutorial level: You travel left to right. You come across a hill and begin to slide down it, at the bottom is a hole which has water in it, later in the game you'll be able to dive below it and discover another area (you can only get back out to the left). To avoid this you must water the ground to slow your descent which will create grass and teach you your first lessen of basic teraforming. Once you hope the gap you come across a dead and dried out tree with a door in it. Inside you find a deceased alien with a note written in a language you can't understand. Throughout the game you'll uncover what happened to this species and slowly learn the language. At the end of the room is a container with your first attachment containing a mushroom. As you progress you'll find various attachments that will allow you to grow alien life forms for different purposes. You go back outside and use your dig tool to bury the alien, thus teaching you that you can dig. You then notice your solar power draining as the sky turns grey and it begins to rain. Your hole fills with water teaching you you can create sources of water. Next you plant the mushroom and proceed upwards. \n\nAttachment Ideas:\n- \nMushroom: can be used to bounce up high. Also can be used to make a hat to avoid heat. Attracts ants.\n\nVines: can hang from platforms or used as an air tube in underwater sections. Attracts monkeys. \n\nBig leafed Canon: gets you across a large unpassable gap, leaf can be used as an air glider. Attracts poisonous butteflies. \n\nSticky net plant: capture enemies. When you find this attachment you come back outside and are confronted by a predator, you capture it and when you return later find it dead with it's pup sleeping beside it. The pup follows you for the rest of the game and you learn a lesson, changing your perspective. \n\nSpike plant: shoots spike out every few seconds, can be used to trigger events from a distance. Must rewater to reshoot. \nDig: can be used to create water holes or trails of water from a source. Eventually you'll be able to have vertical levels with complex water systems that automatically water plants. \nGlow plants: for caves, attract nocturnal animals. \n\nGoals: \n-\n1) Climb the top of the mountain to find any other survivors. \n\n- Once there you find none but you see a giant plume of grey smoke in the distance coming from some structure. \n\n2) Find the source of the smoke, in hopes of sending a transmission home. \n\n- The closer you get the more toxic the air becomes and more hostile the enemies. You're forced to craft armour and apparatus from the plants you make just to continue. You continue discovering more secrets of the extinct alien race. \n\n3) You arrive at the corporation and learn that it was a mining extraction expedition. You decide to destroy it. \n\n- inside are robots and an entirely metal building. This mixes up gameplay while making you rely on new methods."
c4ptny,Road Trippin' - a VR rhythm game road trip simulator,"The game starts you in the driver's seat of a photorealistic sedan, because we have that technology. You are already on the road; I-70 in fact, east of Denver. A long lazy stretch of Colorado farm country slides past at a tranquil pace. The radio invites you to turn it on, so you push the button.\n\nA simple menu song loop begins and ""Road Trippin'"" materializes on the windshield as though projected by a HUD. You tap the words to continue. On the song select screen, you choose [Crystal Method - Trip Like I Do](https://youtu.be/0hJZR_hinI0) and put your hands at ten and two.\n\nAs the song begins, you see something crest the horizon in the center lane. It draws near at an appropriate rhythm game speed. At 0:22, with the first rhythm note, the object pings softly and shatters pleasingly against the front bumper of the car. The line of these notes stretches out to infinity in front of you. When they wander into the other lanes starting at 0:32 you gently swerve the car in kind. You are now dancing with your shoulders [like Chris Tucker](https://youtu.be/gnMYtoqzN5I) as you catch notes.\n\nIn the distance you think you see just one tree glitch out staticky for a split second. Now alert, you might notice the second one.\n\nA note grows into existence on the HUD. It emerges from the windshield and floats toward the steering wheel. In the iconography of the game, it indicates that you should pull the trigger when it gets there. At 0:43, when the crystal cracks, the final road note of the section hits your bumper and the finger note hits the wheel. You are now tapping your finger on the steering wheel along with the lead instrument. The notes bid you alternate your finger tapping as the rhythm grows more complex.\n\nA new steering wheel note appears. This one indicates you should slap the steering wheel when it gets there. When the drums come in at 1:25 you start slapping the wheel in time with the drum beat.\n\nThe road notes return. The first returning road note hits your bumper at 1:47. As they weave back and forth you slap the wheel with one hand, steer with the other. \n\nBy this point, the world outside has faded into a magenta twilight, stars visible overhead. The trees have subtly shifted into polygonal tree models. Oncoming traffic is similarly low-res. Traffic and scenery pass you in time with the other tracks of the song (reminiscent of the [video for The Chemical Brothers - Star Guitar](https://youtu.be/0S43IwBF0uM)). \n\nNew notes materialize in the distance. They draw closer and you can see these aren't descending toward you like the road notes. They appear to rise slightly as they approach. This means they're just above your car. You're going to have to reach up and high-five them.\n\nThe first of these new notes is destined to appear at 3:23. In that instant, the roof of your car ejects itself and all the textures explode off all the models everywhere. The world is a synthwave colored wireframe and you're high-fiving notes as they float above your now-convertible now-sports car. You're definitely not in Colorado any more.\n\nMore notes appear and you're full-on dancing in your seat.\n\nSkip the annoying siren breaks at 3:55 and 5:22. I've always hated those. \n\nInstead, someone who wasn't in your car before is now waving for your attention from the passenger seat. They point out to you a flock of wire-geese flying off to the side out your window. You interact with the geese in time with the music. Other bits of scenery present themselves for interaction.\n\nNew notes appear. These are recognizable in rhythm game language as holds or sustains. At 6:27 when the drum break ends you raise your arms wide to catch them both. At 6:35 the song has a rising note, so the hand holds rise, so you must rise. You are now standing in your techno-convertible, flying through space. As the ramp up ends at 6:43 and with the accompanying drop, you are now punching targets all over your field of reach. Big finish.\n\nAs the song drop off at the end, the final words echo.\n\n""I want you to trip like I do.""\n\n\---\n\nI chose this song for illustrative purposes. Licensing would likely be a pain, so it would probably be more feasible to compose soundalike songs.\n\nThis concept is intended to demonstrate and showcase the capabilities of VR. The transition from photoreal to fantastical underscores the contrast. I hope it's distinct enough to avoid being considered ""just another rhythm game."" I have ideas for the visualization of a handful of other songs in a youtube playlist.\n\nThank you for reading my idea."
c4lsf0,Like black and white but...,"Like Black and White, but on a greater scale ( Earth will be the map). You start out with only one country, tribe type thing, under your influence. You have to expand your influence by conquest or miracles or something like that. At the start of each game there will only be small tribes that expand into bigger nations and empires. In a country that believes in you, you can appoint a king, and Pope type thing. You could make holy texts, and Prophets. All while battling other gods to be the largest religion. You could be able to perform miracles, and stuff. Like I was thinking of this idea where you can disrupt army's by sending in a storm. It would be a sandbox more about seeing what random events happen then challenge. Is this something only I would like, let me know.\nI would work on it now, but working on another project so if anyone wants to steal my idea go ahead \nThanks"
c4l01l,Need 2d game ideas,"I wanna make a game in 3 months\n\nNever finished anything before, just want to have a finished project under my belt.\n\nWith my current knowledge I can make a functioning 2d game, platformer, top down, don't care. Preferably something arcade-y rather than a massive rpg. If the idea seems good enough I'll probably give it a shot, but I'd prefer if the game was based around a single mechanic or centered around bringing out a certain emotion, anything really, as long as it's something small scale and 2d. Shoot me your ideas. Feel free to make them 3 words or 3 paragraphs."
c4jmbr,Common npcs give directions,"Would be cool if common npcs in rpgs games like the witcher or wow would have options instead of just random dialogue.   For example, you could ask any npc that spoke your tongue where the nearest herbalist is."
c4ic6b,Megalomania: A game about intergalactic domination,"A couple of inspirations for a game.\n\n1. **Spore.** The idea of playing as a single cell that gradually evolves into a space-faring empire is pretty cool, right? Not to mention you design your own species, cities, spaceships, cars, boats, planes, and planets.\n2. **Stellaris:** Haven't actually played the game, but I know just how awesome it is to be a galactic emperor, fighting, trading with, and befriending other species while encountering odd precursors or deep space evils.\n3. **Civilization:** Another game by Sid Meier. Diplomacy, War, Markets, scientific development, religion, statecraft at its finest.\n4. **GTA.** Ey yo, CJ, my man! Playing as a gang leader in an open world, where organized crime is the highlight. Who doesn't want that?\n5. **No Man's Sky.** But multiplayer is available, like in Elite: Dangerous. Build ships, meet species and other players. Travel the universe.\n\n**Megalomania**\n\nJust imagine spore, but the civilization era part borrows elements from Civilization, and the space era is like Stellaris. Oh, and you play in FPS all the way from being a single cell and into a galactic emperor. You delegate tasks to your gang/cabinet members in civilization by literally talking to them, instead of having point-and-click controls like the original Civilization and Stellaris. You also have to travel to other empires if you want to make a deal and such. Various game play styles available, like classes in a fantasy RPG world. Game Title is temporary.\n\nAny thoughts?"
c4i0jh,"A game like Pokémon, except you’re a witch and you use a spell book to capture and summon monsters.","Here’s another horror(ish) game idea I had, except this one is a little bit more fleshed out. \n\nThe basic goal is, as the title suggests, to hunt down and capture monsters using an ancient spell book, and you can summon them back to fight alongside you. The catch is that, if you keep them out for too long, they’ll go berserk and attack you, and you’ll need to either fight back to subdue them, or seal them back using the book. \n\nSince you’re a witch, you’ll be able to use magic(duh), but it’s limited, and it can easily run out if you’re not careful, especially when you use the book to capture or summon monsters. There would be upgrades, sure, but it’s something the player would need to watch out for. \n\nFor the horror aspects, I think that, since the player would have to conserve magic energy for the most part, there should be a few stealth mechanics for when there’s a particularly tough monster that you’re not equipped to deal with. A little bit like Breath of the Wild in that regard. Apart from that, I think the monsters, while they’re not ALL demonic grotesque freaks of nature, should be at least intimidating enough for the player to feel uneasy. \n\nGoing back to the Breath of the Wild comparison, while I don’t really want it to be an RPG like Pokémon, I think there should be some RPG elements. The player should be able to get progressively stronger, and certain skills (magic, strength, stealth, etc) would be upgrade-able. \n\nI could describe it more, like the story and the world the game takes place in, but the details are very fuzzy and inconsistent, and this doesn’t really seem like the sub for that kind of thing anyway. I just wanted to describe the basic concept and mechanics. I’ll admit, the idea is a little ambitious for someone with zero game design experience, and my overall vision is a little...Triple A-ish, but it’s still something that I’d like to see come to life, and I may consider pursuing a career in this field just to try and make it happen.\n\nMaybe I’m just crazy, I don’t know. What are your guys’ thoughts?"
cc2tlk,Idea for an MMO,"For years I have had an MMO concept stuck in my head that could have potential.  The biggest ""MMO WoW' has stayed at the top for many reasons from aesthetics to gameplay and at this point nostalgia from players who just want to finish.  Another Rival Final Fantasy 14  had potential but lacks many features that made wow \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMy game concept would be focused around dreams with nightmares and dreamers both fighting each other while a Void or nothingness starts to take over forcing both sides while still at war to fight back against the nothing.\n\n* Both sides would be able to do stuff together and  still be against eachother.\n* Players would be able to make their own dreams/nightmares (Dungeons/Raids) so other players could do them.\n* decades of concepts could be used to create unique worlds or atmospheres  unique to each players taste. (Noir, Rock, medieval, futuristic, sci-fi)."
cc19f0,Tips on improving the PvP element?,"This takes place in a world where magic is very prominent. There are no guns, only melee weapons/bows/magic making for tough hand-to-hand combat. There are 8 playable races (giant various mammal/humans, various bird/humans, various elemental gnomes, various reptile or amphibian/humans, fox/humans, various types of mermaids, cat/humans, and regular humans for sh\*ts and giggles).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThere are 10 arenas, all of them are the same size and shape and make up the bottom floors of the tower. The arenas themselves are two mile wide mirrored salt flats surrounded by an obsidian wall. The whole arena uses a type of rare mirage magic that creates the field and changes the field granting 1 advantage and 1 disadvantage for each opponent. The terrain of the field takes on up to 4 of the following: open forest, dense forest, dense city, crumbling city, riverbed, tundra, desert, craggy canyon, grassy plains, ancient ruins, basalt causeway,sandy beach, lagoon, deep lake, dense fog, rock-quarry basin, hedge maze, stone maze, lava pits, poisonous tar pits, swamp, flowery field, windy outcropping, briar woods, and more...\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n\-Rankings are very simple:\n\n	\- Each match is 1v1\n\n	\- Contestants are against either the one who signed up before or after them. \*excluding the top 100\*\n\n	\- If the matchmaking is too one-sided, there will be an immediate ""opt-out"" for the lower ranked fighter. If \n\nthat fighter does opt-out, they do not lose any points and the other gains none. This only happens if \n\nthere is more than 50 ranks between the two fighters. If the lower fighter chooses not to opt-out, and \n\nthey win, points added to their total are doubled, or tripled based on the overall match.\n\n	\- Each match is up to 20 minutes long\n\n	\- There is no limit to weapons, magic, or other items used. ALL IS FAIR GAME!\n\n	\- Points are awarded as such-\n\n		\- 1pt - Any appendage hit\n\n		\- 2pts- Any non-lethal body hit\n\n		\- 3pts- Any non-lethal head-shot\n\n		\- 5pts- Any lethal body hit\n\n		\- 10pts- Kill the opponent whose health was under 20% during final blow\n\n		\- 20pts- Kill the opponent whose health was between 20%-50% during final blow\n\n		\- 50pts- Kill the opponent whose health was over 50% during final blow\n\n	\- Based on the points received during a match, the winners points are added to the winners total. This total               \n\nis representative of their rank, and the higher the fighters rank, the better the rewards. Also, when a   \nmatch results in a loss for a fighter, all points awarded are taken from the loser's total.\n\n		\- Take for instance: A match between a rank 145 opponent and a 137 opponent that ends with a 10-4               \n\nwin in favor of the 137, 10 points are added to the 137 to equal 147 for a new rank of 147. For the \n\n145 opponent, 4 points + 10 points are taken from the 145 to equal 131 and a new rank of 131.\n\n		\- Evenly matched fights can have worse repercussions for the loser....\n\n	\- THERE ARE NO DRAWS!!!\n\n	\- If a fighter forfeits a match after accepting the fight invitation, a set 20 points will be deducted from their \n\nrank. The opponents rank will remain unchanged.\n\n	\-Only the top 100 fighters fight based on rank to keep their standing, and can only be challenged by the top \n\n110 players for rank.\n\n\-The top 110 players must request to challenge someone above 100. The recipient of the request has \n\n48hrs to respond or a set 50 points will be deducted from their rank. \n\n\-A player in the top 100 must agree to at least one match every 30 days, and cannot decline more than 3 \n\nin that same time period. Each time a player accepts the request, the 30 day period is reset. If a player \n\nreceives more than 3 requests within their 30 day window, and has already declined 3 of them, the 4th \n\nrequest is automatically accepted and the player being requested must show up within 48hrs or lose \n\nall standing and their rank is reset to 0."
cbwcng,I have the tech to build a large multiplayer based web game. What would you build?,"Hello /r/gameideas!\n\n\nI'm looking for all sorts of ideas to use the tech I have built. I have the resources to work on a new small project but my idea bank is low. There is a good chance that I would have time to work on this game in the upcoming months. I did a quick search of the sub and didn't see any posts about successfully built games using the ideas from here. I would love to change that. \n\n\nI've built a few ""IO games"" over the last little while, with only one of them ever seeing the light of day. An IO game typically has a large map that can handle a large amount of players (in my case up to 100). A player can jump into the game at any time. Some popular examples would be agar.io or slither.io. The mechanics of this type of game are very easy to learn but hard to master. \n\n\nSome other games that would use a similar tech stack would be games like ""One Hour One Life"" and ""Realm of the Mad God"".\n\nSo, the type of game I am looking to make could use the following guidelines:\n\n- Up to 100 players in a single ""world"". Multiple of these worlds can be created.\n- Preferably web based or has a web based version.\n- Players can jump in at any time and don't need to queue up or wait for a match to begin.\n- 2D, if it were 3D it would need to be top-down to work with the server side collision system I currently have.\n\n\nAnything from simple mechanics to fully fleshed out mini mmo ideas are welcome!"
cbvvr4,Looking for some rage inducing mechanics,Trying to come up with a game concept similar to Getting Over It or Jump King. Kind of looking for a mechanic that's easy to mess up and lose progress.
cbu6gv,Brutal police game,"There is barely any police based games out there. What i have in mind is agame where you play as a police which has to go on missions and they can turn out in diffrent ways. If you act aggresivly the suspect might get frightend and start shooting. I think massive shootouts would be pretty fun.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAlso much gore and REALISTIC gun sounds like from squad, sounds that pops and crackles."
cbtfpe,Universal Enterprise (economic Grand Strategy),"Ok so to start off, I know next to nothing about how real world economic building works, but as a side thought, could you make this idea into a sort of tutor game?\n\nReally basic idea:\nYou are given a loan by a World Bank, the difficulty is partly determined by how much you take and where you start.\nNext, you buy land, start work on a resource, then build a company from there. \nIt is however not limited by how long the founder lives, but by how long the company lasts. \n\nYour Goal: \nLike any company, you want to become the biggest and most profitable business on Earth. How you get there is entirely up to you.\nEventually you'll have to deal with government regulations that hurt your profits and possibly the products you are trying to make.\nBasically, survive everything and still come out on top.\n\nThe challenge:\nYou are obviously not the only company in the world, so you'll have competition and maybe even threats. Make deals, blackmail, perform your own investigations of your rivals and try to surpass them and possibly buy them out, etc.\n\nConcept:\nIt's like Europa Universalis 4, but instead of being a monarch and such, you're a company. So it's more of a tycoon game on a global scale.\n\nSure you could fund wars, but later it could hurt your image as a company, and say you don't, it could still turn bad if your company HQ is in the country you refused to support. \n\nIt offers a ton in the way of possibility. \nNow what I said earlier, since I am frankly an idiot when it comes to economics and how businesses and such work overall, you could use real economics in the game and later have the extra bit where it teaches players real life skills. \nMaybe even inject some real world history lessons.\n\nEnd - \nI'm personally not much of a fan of Tycoon games myself, but mostly cause many of them don't teach me anything, and I am getting sick of hearing anti-game arguments that say ""games are a waste of time"" in some effort to ban them entirely.\n\nIt would be awesome to actually have games that do teach people valuable life skills and prove they aren't a waste of time. \n\nOverall, the idea of the core is to use real world economics as the game mechanic. \n\nWho knows, maybe someone will make a similar game that teaches people how to be a game developer."
cbripn,"combat game where your weapons are trainable ""pets""","disclaimer: this is going to be disorganised  \n\n\nabstract: you fight using living weapons that you catch/find and train/evolve into more useful forms. actual style of combat can be more or less anything  \n\n\nfor any other weebs, picture pokemon meets noragami/soul eater. you live in a world where magical creatures exist that can transform into objects and tools, including weapons and armour. these forms and their capabilities depend on the creature, and can be improved over time or even evolved into something drastically different. you start using completely normal equipment, but can tame these magical creatures to gain a significant edge  \n\n\ncentral idea: the work put into raising the pets is reflected in the stats of the weapon. higher level means generally better stats overall, while specialised care/training can be put in to improve specific stats  \n\n\nevolution: rather than a linear evolution path, creatures with simple transformations (for example, a knife) can develop an evolved transformation in a variety of specialisations (for example, a dagger, shortsword, or wood carving knife). they can not, however, jump to different specialisation paths, unless they re-converge.  \n\n\nfinding creatures: many possibilities. maybe find in the wild, maybe claim from defeated enemies, and so on. similar with capturing creatures; maybe simply tame them, maybe use objects to capture them, consider it open to preference  \n\n\nnurturing/training creatures: **very** much open to preference. there's too much possibility here to list any one approach. think it would be a shame not to have some significant interaction with the world though  \n\n\npossible addition: ""mods"", objects or spirits that can be applied to creatures or their transformations to change their stats or functions"
cbpvqn,Mobile Gravity Game Ideas?,"Hey all,\nWhat are some ideas based on the idea of switching gravity on and off/reversing gravity, that could be adhere to the mobile playing style (single swipe, single tap, etc.)?"
cbpqf6,Gravity based game?,"Hey all,\nWhat are some ideas based on the idea of switching gravity on and off/reversing gravity?"
cboxv9,"A Game Idea I've Knocked Around In My Head, Based Loosely On True Events.","A Puzzle Adventure/Walking Simulator.  You (game version of you) have just inherited your grandparents' farm.  You hadn't seen your grandparents since you went off to college and began a career in teaching, but you used to visit them at least twice a year as a kid.  \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYour grandfather loved puzzles and riddles, an interest that you share with him.  Every year for your birthday, up to your last birthday six months ago, he sends you a handmade puzzle of some kind.  The material could vary, but you loved them.  He'd always ask you to send a picture or video of you solving or having solved the puzzle.  \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYour grandmother was the more straight-laced type.  She was strict, but she did show her love for you.  While your grandfather loved to take you fishing or skipping rocks across the lake, she insisted you help around the farm with various chores.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOne chore she'd have you do, which you secretly loved (but never let on, knowing she'd make you do it 100% of the time you visited) was cooking.  You loved reading over the recipes, cutting up the ingredients, measuring out the spices, and tasting the food, to see if anything needed to be added.  One thing I'd like to do with this part is maybe make it where you find a recipe card file, and the recipe cards are scattered about the kitchen.  Also, the recipe cards would feature real, honest-to-god recipes that could be prepared in the real world.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nDuring the game, you will find items that remind you of these memories and many more.  You will find toys or books you forgot you had because they made you leave anything they bought for you during your visits with them, ""for the next time you came to visit"".\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou encounter puzzles that remind you of the puzzles your grandfather sent to you every year.  Turns out, he was ""training"" you to solve the exact same puzzles, or facsimiles thereof, for when the time came that you'd inherit their house and land.  They had always planned for you to inherit the property.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYour grandparents, it turns out, are emotional hoarders.  They hold onto anything and everything that reminds them of loved ones either long past, or else they rarely get to see.  You find items that apparently belonged to your mother (her side of the family), your grandparents, great-grandparents, aunts and uncles (large family), and even yourself.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI'm stuck on whether to go a more paranormal/mystery route, but this is what I've got so far."
cbk2g4,A 3rd person view game starring the rock as himself,"You start out waking up in his house and do some basic tasks like make coffee amd work out then drive to the studio and get some autograph requests along the way to work on his latest action movie and you play out some action scenes with aliens with cameras rolling or whatever it is but then they end up being real aliens or. Monsters and the rock at first doubts himself to deal with them because he is ""just an actor"" but then he ends up slowly becoming a true hero as the game progresses and saves the world. \n\nIt would be so fun to have him as a voice actor the entire game."
cbjuaq,Features for Possession Game,"I’m working on an indie game, where the concept is having the ability to possess ANY person in the game. The goal is to keep your suspicion level done, in order to avoid soldiers will hunt you. Are there any features or mechanics that you would like to see?"
cbjg9k,Requesting ideas for a Reddit-based game,"Hi everyone! I’m a game dev looking to pick up a side project. Ultimately, I want to develop something that will help bring the Reddit community together and have fun.\n\nHere are the requirements for the game I’d like to develop:\n\n1. Must be fully playable on Reddit\n2. Must be multiplayer\n3. Must be turn-based\n4. Must be 100% text-based\n5. Optional: Should ideally have a strong story\n\nOne idea I had was a turn-based strategy game where people are grouped into squads that play each other.\n\nAny and all ideas are welcome. I’m also looking for anyone willing to contribute to the project."
cbidqm,A mobility-focused FPS where all guns shoot explosives,"I enjoy parkour in games. I enjoy shooting in games. I enjoy explosions in general. Games where you shoot the ground to propel yourself upwards with the power of explosions really appeal to me.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nMy idea is a game that plays like a pretty standard mobility shooter like Quake or Dusk, but traversal via explosive recoil is a necessity rather than something that helps sometimes. Since all my ideas for this hang off the player's loadout, I'll outline my ideas for all the different weapon types and how they aid in traversal below.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n* **Rocket Launcher**: The vanilla option that behaves how a Quake fan expects it would. Firing at your feet while jumping gives you a boost to your jump height, firing at an angle will boost you at an angle away from the blast allowing you to wall-jump by firing at a wall while moving away from it.\n* **Micro-Missle Launcher**: A machine gun but all the bullets explode. Doesn't knock you back as far as the other options, but firing at an angle while moving towards a wall allows you to wall-ride due to the rapid tiny explosions, and firing at the ground at an angle will accelerate you backward.\n* **Grenade Launcher**: Projectiles bounce off surfaces and explode on a timer. Explosions will propel you like a rocket, but are much harder to use. However, using a different method of rocket-jumping and timing it with a grenade's blast will give you a bigger boost.\n* **Remote Explosives**: These stick to surfaces and can be detonated using their alt-fire, or by other explosives. Can be used as a crutch by less skilled players as they can be fired ahead and activated without looking at the surface they're attached to. Can also be comboed like the grenade launcher to provide a bigger boost, allowing for up to three different explosions to be comboed together to propel you at warp speed towards the ceiling.\n* **Cluster-Bomb Launcher**: Fires like a grenade launcher, but explodes on impact. Then a cluster of smaller explosives that bounce following the arc a grenade would have taken, with small deviations for each explosive, that also detonate on impact. Quite frankly, I have no idea how this would be used in any practical way, but I imagine someone out there would find a way to chain this with the other options to create a ludicrously massive explosion."
cbibs1,Interesting Graphical Technique for you devs.,"So I have an art style that might just help your games in a very weird way. Do text games, like the old ones. People look at graphics and say ""Wow, realistic"". But I think personally if you describe something, even fully, then the exact looks of it is up to the players imagination. It would be great to see a game that's a text adventure in this slough of renaissance games. Pixels aren't enough even if it's 8 bit, just do words. If I say ""a fancy fork site on a table"", then everyone would have a different picture in their heads. So what I say is don't even use graphics, just use the imagination."
cbdkxl,Game ideas for Android ?,"I am unity developer and i want to make hypocasual-games like voodoo. Suggest me a good idea for android games where user can play as he/she want, there is no limit of games\nThank you"
cbdadb,Are people here having arcade game ideas...?,"I am looking for arcade game ideas. \n\nWhat i want :\nI need a new game physics idea...For example, "" Cut the Rope"" was having a simple idea of cutting a rope , ""Color Switch"" was also so simple ,or ""Fruit Ninja"" was based on just slicing the fruits and not the bombs, and then ""Smash Hit"" ...(so u see the simplicity of these games?)\n\nSo, i need just a simple idea or a physics action which I could use in the game...\n\nIf you have one then direct message me."
cbbxnb,Mechanics Challenge!: A mini-game where NPCs Socially Interact with each other at a Job.,"I am looking for ideas for a mini-game that I can drop into my project, so if the idea is really good it might be part of a real project.\n\nThere are a list of requirements that have to be followed:  \n\n* The setting is medieval fantasy with business and jobs related to that, there might be some more advanced jobs possible but not modern times, and more related to magic.  \n* The NPCs have a scheduled routine of a week or a month and a few interactions(1 or 3?) happen every day.  \n* The NPCs will do a job or activity based on what is scheduled that day and will interact NPCs that do that job that day.  \n* The Job or Activity can increase the Skills the NPCs have, think Princes Maker 2. And there is a Training activity with a Teacher NPC and Students that are more focused on training skills.  \n* The NPCs can interact with each other socially and build a relationship with each other based on their own personality.  \n* The NPCs can also interact with Customer NPCs that drop by to that business in a similar way.  \n* The Outcome of the Job Result can depend on both the skill of the NPCs and the Interactions that happen that day.\n* While the interactions per day is limited, the interactions can combo together with multiple NPCs for bigger results, or combo over multiple days over a week.\n* *?? The interactions could be represented through a card system. With the suits representing Skill Training, Job Result, Relationship, Personal Traits??*\n* The Interactions of the NPCs should be manipulatable by the Player to give favorable combo results to the four outcomes."
cbbj5w,I got a small idea but it’s I think kinda good,So your in a happy go lucky world everything is good\nYou solve puzzles or play mine games and after each room you take a pill\nBut after a while the start to wear off only at the end of the room\nSo you have a small one-ish minute time frame to escape if they catch you they chloroform you and you get put into another room\nThen you start to realize some of rooms are the same and you can find way to escape them with out going over the time limit\nThen you can escape this hellish fever dream\nJust to find out your in a mirror house and your hallucinating with real monster roaming around\nYou have to avoid these real monsters for they will make a clicking noise\nThen if you get out of there something else would happen like a chase through the woods or something else like it
cbalcs,Mobile platformer/puzzle game,I've always liked the mobile game called Alchemy. I thought it would be fun if it was added to a platformer. After each level you could get a chance to combine elements. Each new combination could be a power up.
cba8bs,Devs: What are you looking for?,"Obviously the subreddit is for all kinds of game ideas, but I'm honestly curious what developers are looking for and what you typically avoid.\n\nAnd hey, besides ideas, why not mention people that you're looking for as well? If someone has the skills you're after, they could come to you. \n\nJust thinking a post like this could be beneficial for those that wanna post ideas for devs specifically and help devs in turn by helping them make the search easier."
cb9kux,A ginormous multiplayer world of minecraft,"Not like a server but an separate game based solely on this, huge world where everyone who joins spawn in at random points, all far away from players and its like a normal minecraft survival where you could run into people and either make friends with them, fight them, group up with a lot of people and make a huge base or city or you could just try and ignore but idk i think that would be really cool who knows maybe everyone works together like a civilization and they have jobs and all work together to create something amazing, or i guess in the more likely case, it would end up being more of a huge factions world but in my mind its like how no mans sky said it would be, survival game but its actually multiplayer and you can find people"
cb8b1t,Requesting a game with reverse time mechanics,"No story preferred, but if you have a story in mind, at least the main plot, don't hold it back.\n\nAlso, I'm thinking of a dark theme, like a completely dark world with a few spotlights etc. but not necessarily.\n\n3D First-person preferred. 2.5D is also an option, but not preferred.\n\nI have some ideas, but I wanted to hear you guys' ideas as well, so I could maybe combine them to make the game more fun!\n\nAny ideas will be appreciated. Thanks in advance.\n\nP.S: I will, of course, give credits to the person that gave me ideas."
cb7hfg,500+ nicely described games from PhysEdGames +Animated vids explaining each,"I want to share this awesome resource which I came across earlier today when scavenging the internets\n\nfor ideas on how to spice up the CTF-mode for the game I am currently developing. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThese simple and field-tested games/gems/mechanics might serve as a **source of inspiration** for atleast one of you guys. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n[physedgames.com](https://physedgames.com/)\n\n[PhysEdGames Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/PhysEdGames/videos) \n\n[They even got twitter](https://twitter.com/physedgames) \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf you find use in this, I'd be happy to read about your favorite game below!!"
cb77o3,Pirate Game,Game where you rise through the ranks of privateering and pirating. Starting as a deckhand and doing menial tasks. And as you rise you have different tasks that you need to do in order to keep rising (ex: to reach first mate you might have to lead a couple of raids and do favors for the captain) End goal could be to own your own ship and/or a whole fleet as a commander.
cb6kz5,Assassins creed set during the wars of Italian unification (circa 1848 - 1870),"So my idea is an assassins creed set in Italy during the wars of Italian unification, i don't have any idea for a story yet, but Italy having been a location in previous assassins creed games creates a lot of potential in that matter. It should also include different areas controlled by different factions and the areas change hands overtime  i.e Venetia and Lombardy is occupied by the Austrians and then by the French and Piedmontese, the Pope has central Italy until it falls to the Piedmontese etc., so in general a dynamic player world. The player could meet many historical figures of that time, like Italian nationalist Giuseppe Garibaldi, French emperor Napoleon III, founder of the red cross Henry Dunant (especially him!), Josef Radetzky, Francis Joseph I. etc."
cb55v3,Hybrid of a survival and a city building game,"In this game you are tasked to build an civilization. \n\nThe game plays in first person with you firstly bashing some rocks and tress to get the materiales for the first house. \n\nThe house gets build just like in any other survival game, but it needs to be at least a certain size and have at least one bed in it for it to work. Only then will your first citizen spawn.\n\nYou then can build a quarry or a lumberjack and have the citizen work  and gather resources for you.\n\nCitizen have different needs like food, entertainment etc. and will build relationships between each other \n\nBuildings can be customized like adding more beds to house so that more people can live in them or add decorative object to them to make them tenants more happy    \n\nThe game starts at the stone age  and you will research new technology and  go through the different ages until you reach the far future."
cb4ofr,Fake exchange game,"A game based on a stock exchange, but the price of the stockes (non real businesses) are based in-game supply and demand by players. \n\nMost Stock exchange games are based on real businesses but then you don't have any influece. But in this game you have influence."
cb48sh,An original SCP game idea.,"It’s an offline game where you’re a facility manager of a newly founded SCP site. Since the foundation has practically infinite resources, the only thing limiting your growth is how much you balance safety, efficiency, and defense. For example, you could choose to treat D-class nicely; much lower risk of escaping or revolting, but you can’t do nearly as much testing with them.\n\nThe real meat of the game are the SCPs; There might be 50 original scp’s in this game. The players acquire a new scp through raids or deliveries from other sites, and since they aren’t on the scp wiki, they have to test them to see what kinds of containment would work best. They create the special containment procedures (it’ll be drag and drop), and the game automatically creates the cell/vault based on the procedures. The more aspects they get correct the lower risk of escape.\n\nAbout escaping, any areas with an escaped SCP or d-class in it has fog of war, and the player should direct MTF units to the area in order to recontain it. I’m not sure how combat would work.\n\nGraphics would be pixel art, the game would cost a small amount (3 ish) of money, and no micro-transactions would be needed."
cb27ud,Game where you influence the future and then play in it.,"Could be top down game, text based game or anything.\n\nYou are given a random name starting city, village and random amount of money.\n\nExample: you are born in a village that is often attacked by thieves so you become warrior and fight them and create a guild.\n\nThen after you die world fast forwards 100 years into the future and you are given another random character.  The city is no longer being raided and the  guild (you created before) is defending nearby villages and thus they are excelling in farming etc ffw another 100 yrs and they are small castle.\n\nEach 100yrs you play as another character who can further influence the world or you are born on the other side of it.\n\n^^^just an EXAMPLE OF CONCEPT  you could make it a strategy or not even have fighting and guilds at all\n\nLet me know what u think!"
cawpg3,Game about learning the boss arena,"Okay, so my idea is for a game where every level also functions on the boss arena. Each level would essentially have two main stages: exploration and boss fight. The idea of exploration stage is to familiarize yourself with both the level itself and the mechanics it introduces. For example, you might find an object that's on fire, and to use it, you have to push it under a waterfall that's located at a specific corner if the level. You might also find a lizard like enemy that chases you when you're carrying a gem. In the next stage, you might have to fight a dragon, but unfortunately, its untouchable, as its body is engulfed in fire. Combining the two lessons from earlier, you'd lure it over with a gem to then douse it with water. \nBy playing the level, the player would gain skills uniquely suited to then beating the boss. The boss fight would ideally take place over the entire map, and would be fairly complicated, utilizing all newly introduced mechanics."
cavnlf,Egyptian game on the god Anubis,I know I might have spelled a few things wrong but I don't care. As for the game idea should be in an Egyptian area where you get to fight a bunch of anubis warriors. Like in the movie the Mummy returns. As for game details know Idea somebody else can do that. Just figured I say an idea of a game that could be good.
cavizg,The stone of sorrow,"LOG-354B-A\n\nSTONE OF SORROW\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAll the hate, Sorrow ,Pain in the whole universe was so, so, strong that it manifested, into the stone of sorrow, a purple stone containing ALL THE HATE FROM THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE, and its slowly cracking, releasing a gas, any living being that both inhales, and gets surrounded by the gas, will be turned... into something so hatefull, that the universe wont be able to handle, giving it a glitchy aspect, the strongest of them all, are turned into Knights of sorrow, strong, anihilators, who protect the stone, the forces containing the stone are fleeing, Anyone who finds this log, take the tool beside the log, it Should ""uncorrupt anything infected"", you will need to discharge it  somewhere, at some point, NOW GO! and destroy HER!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nEND OF LOG..."
catbua,NSFW Game Ideas Needed!,I am looking for some ideas for new games/game mechanics. I prefer not to work in 3D. The game will be 2D as I probably won't be able to afford assets for 3D games. \n\nI have one idea of what I want to make already and it's preventing me from thinking of anything new. \n\nHelp me out with some unique idea that hasn't already been done like the 1000 linear story rpgs out there.
casrhr,Persona-ish Mobile Game,[removed]
casd2i,"A simple ""game"" where you type in any command and get a response. If the command doesn't already have a response, you can request one or vote on one, and other players can vote on responses, too. When a response gets 100 votes, it becomes official.","Think of [Elemental 4](https://elemental.davecode.me/#game) or [Elemental 3](https://htwins.net/elem3/) (both of which are currently down, unfortunately/I guess a more popular example would be Akinator) but without combining elements and literally with just typing in a word or phrase, maybe with a character limit of 30.  \n\n\nExample:  \nIf you type ""/bruh"" and get no results, you can request a response of ""bruh moment,"" and others can vote on your response.  After a few days, ""bruh moment"" gets enough votes, and, now, when anyone types ""/bruh,"" they get a response of ""bruh moment.""  \n\n\nIt's like every single player is contributing to the development of an interactive AI that, eventually, will have a response to literally any meaningful thing that you type which consists of 30 alphanumeric characters or less.  \n\n\n""/Hey""  \n""Hey, how are you doing?""  \n\n\n""/Do you like pie""  \n""I like cream pies""  \n\n\n""/Pee""  \n""Very funny and original.""\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis isn't really a game, but it'd be fun nonetheless."
caq4u4,I need help coming up with a team game where it starts as a scavenger hunt and then the teams need to use the items they found to reach a certain goal. Example inside,
cal0jj,Need an idea for a quite easy game to make in scratch.,
cajqkl,Resident evil gaiden remake.,"Resident evil gaiden is my favorite gb color game, and I still think to this day that its criminal Capcom hasn't remade it, or even just re-released it so more people could experience it. I loved the puzzle solving, the ship you get to (semi.) openly explore, and the combat that can only be explained as a fusion between pokemon go's catching mechanic and semi turned based combat. \n\n This is still my favorite resident evil game to date. And I wish Capcom would give more love to this extremely underappreciated gem of a game."
cag6vd,An Open World Animal RPG,"I have no idea how this would even work but fuck it, it sounds cool. You'd have different classes you get to choose (ex: Hyena, Lion, Tiger, Hippo, Monkey). Of course, each class would have its strengths and weaknesses. Maybe turn it into some Jungle Book type world. There would be basic tasks involved such as hunting, finding water, keeping enemies out of your territory and trying to expand your territory. There would be battles between species and even alliances. This isn't a game that's going to replicate what happens in nature 100%. Just watch Planet Earth for that shit or read a bio textbook. There would be different skills to rank such as strength, stamina, health and physical upgrades such as increased muscle mass or increased jaw strength that would enable you to kill more enemies. There would be enemy territories and certain species you'd have to look out for as well. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf a game like this already exists, please tell."
cafblm,A Space Station 4 player Coop FPS Zombie,"You could awaken from cryostatus and You and 4 other players or cpu's are a medical team with no combat experience. You see that the life support went offline so you were awoken. As you leave the medbay you see thousands of zombies. \n\nBasically like l4d meets dead rising.  You can pick up random objects and kill zombies. A holobat, stiching gun, lasers, etc. You have to work together. You can do finishers.  Lots of minigames like a golfing game where you kill zombies by lodging golfballs in there brains, clown squirting game where you rot zombies, etc."
caap83,Competitive (Weapons) Factory Manager Game,"A game where you construct a factory to take in raw resources and manufacture them into finished products, except the finished products are RTS units who march off the conveyor belt towards the enemy's factory, automatically doing battle with the enemy's units on the way and suicide-bombing it (1 explosion per unit that gets thru so a single enemy can't dismantle the whole factory &amp; the player doesn't need to have a weapon) when they get there.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nOr, for WC3(&amp;co) players; &gt;!You know those old Line Wars or Missile War or Civilization Wars maps, where you'd have only have control of a peon in a base area, placing AI controlled buildings that constantly produces units it uses to fight the enemy's AI controlled units with?!&lt;\n\n&gt;!That but instead of in WC3 it's in infinifactory or something, so instead of ""order builder to place the building that builds tanks"", it's you running around the floor of your factory frantically dropping down runs of conveyor belts, mines, fabricators and assemblers and hooking them all together to get raw resources, turn those into processed materials, process those into base components and put those components together to make finished systems and then combine those finished systems into a whole tank knowing that the enemy is doing the same and trying to out-produce and out-efficieny the enemy!&lt;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAnd, a thought towards giving the game a sensible pace; every unit shares one finished system required to be ""complete""; one human to wield/pilot it, which you and the opponent get at the same rate that increases as the match goes on. Essentially the (weapons) factory manager equivalent of a pop cap, except you get to physically watch thirty men walk up to the end of your assembly line, pick up rifles off of the final assembler and march off to die in battle for you"
ca8ecw,Help! Having writer's Block!,"so for my ""Ettin"" game (see below or search) I am having writer's block with the story. I want the story to involve him falling down a mountain, and he has to get back up to ____ to do _____ at the top of the mountain. I need the story to do something like Bennet Foddy's Getting Over it. Where there is deeper meaning to the purpose of the game and what you are doing. I really need help to put this together."
ca0m5p,"games where a heightmap changes shape when players turn knobs/slidebars, depending on combos timelessly, and you try to move water up a mountain while knobs keep spilling some places cuz its the only way you know to reshape other parts, so a puzzle game",
ca0fcm,Subway Surfers but with Sonic the Hedgehog characters instead,"And you collect rings and powerups across the various Sonic locations. \n\nPlayable characters Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles, and unlockables Shadow, Rogue, Blaze, Silver, Amy, Cream, and Metal Sonic. Each one with their own different quirks, like, Tails can fly, Knuckles can glide, etc\n\nAlso unlockable outfits like Classic style, or Sonic boom style (or live action movie Sonic style, just for the laughs)\n\nShould be pretty easy. Just take Subway Surfers and edit it a bit to change and add stuff. It's such a good match I'm surprised Sega hasn't done it yet"
c9yobs,Life of an Adventurer - RPG Single,"A game that acts like a classic RPG, where you accept quests, are rewarded with money, and generally gain fame.\n\nThe reality is much harsher and cruel. \n\nBefore game start, you are asked a series of questions that help determine your skills, attributes, and finally the classes you can choose. The last question will ask if you prefer start in a village or in a city, but will have no affect on starting gear or money.\n\nThe world: There are mountains, forests, deserts, lakes, rivers, and an ocean (which surrounds the continent, there are no others).\nThere are 5 Villages to each City, 20 Cities, and a single Capitol City.\nThere is only one nation, and all the civilized species live in it. \n\nWhile the world would remain the same throughout each playthrough, the difficulty of each zone as well as quests available in each zone would randomize. \n\nThere are 3 levels of currency, from least to most valued, silver, gold, and platinum. \n\nFor the beginning, the player has enough to buy only the most basic gear and supplies, however, is not forbidden from overspending - ex. They have enough to buy a leather armor from head to toe and a short sword, all of low quality, but can choose to spend it all on a single piece of gear even if it's not a good idea. \n\nThe only bit that remotely feels like a tutorial is how to attack, block, and interact. The rest they figure out on their own. \n\nAll quests for the start are acquired at the local Adventures' Hall, but are only found in cities. If they chose a village as their start point, then a board will display some quests, but are typically very low paying and don't offer much in terms of ""excitement"", plus are primarily put their cause the villager(s) can't afford the fee from local Adventures' Halls. \n\nAll new adventurers that come in to the Adventures' Halls, have to sign themselves in the first time to be allowed to accept quests. \n\nAll newcomers start are given the starting rank of one Star Silver. \nThere are 5 stars to each level, and like currency, only 3 levels which determines what they can handle. \nAll quests, excluding offered &amp; village quests, are given those stars and levels to show estimated difficulty (but since it's just an estimate, it could just as easily be easier or harder).\nHowever like spending choices, the adventuer is allowed to accept any quest they want regardless, and will be warned about it if they pick one or more that is too dangerous for them. \nFurthermore, quests do have time limits as to how long a quest will sit there before someone accepts it (wait too long and the quest will not be available, but replaced by a random new quest). \nAborting a quest also has consequences, a fee of 10%. If can't pay, it will be deducted from future completed quests.\n\nNow comes the next bits...\nYou need to eat, drink, and sleep. Ignoring these will affect your ability to do pretty much anything effectively. Ignore them for too long and your character dies.\n\nIf your character dies from anything, you are given ONE reload before you accepted any quests.\nIf you choose not to reload or die a second time, your character is locked behind a memorial explaining quests completed, stuff owned, and what caused him/her to die. You'll then have to start over.\n\nYou are not the hero of the story. You are just another Adventurer trying to make a name for themselves or simply get by. \n\nEquipment is governed not by level, but by attributes and skills. There's nothing stopping you from equipping stuff your character can't really use effectively, but that's part of learning. Just cause you like it, want it, and can get it, doesn't mean you use it or handle it.\n\nThe concept is similar to Dark Souls, learn from your mistakes. \nAnd the game is not about how spectacular you did, it's about how much you learned and adapted. \n\nFinally, while there are bosses, there is no final. The game ends when you give up. \nJust as we can't simply become CEO and our life is done cause we got there, neither will your character. \nOur life ends when we die. \nYour character's life ends when he/she dies.\n\nSound good? Just in case, singleplayer only game."
c9y2i7,Text Dungeon rougelike rpg,"A game with a super difficult setup to it. So it is a game where the character has to descend all the way to the Dragon Zorag's lair. But... That isn't all. Loads of encounter battles and instant death traps that makes you question which way to go. The character starts with 5 HP, this cannot be restored. You can find Weapons, Armor, Supplies, and Food. Every 10 turns you eat one food. Supplies are rare and a sort of currency. Like if you light a torch, - 1 supplies. Simple right? You have to be super careful with what you do. And here is where the name comes in, ""Text dungeon"". Basically you give them options to go Forwards, Backwards, Left, and Right with walls in effect. When a character goes left into a wall, the game says ""you hit a wall"". Going onto a certain space sometimes gives you the aforementioned items above. This is randomly generated also, but the game makes sure there is a way to the exit. The only sight you have is one square around your current position. the map is useful and lets you see progress you have already made. But... Maps have to be found too. they are the rareist item in the game, and can only map a total area of 7x7 spaces. There are only 3 weapons and armor types in the game. I can go into detail of you would like. Armor and weapons break after a number of hits and uses, they are actually kind of common. Not as common as food, but, common. Something I also want as a factor in the game is weight. Your character can only carry 20 pounds of items, and everything has a weight. 3 food= 2 lbs, 5 supplies= 1 lbs, I can specify armor and weapons, other pickups as you would like. And there is a boss in every floor. Yeah. I can specify anything you would like. But this is the base premise of the game."
c9xdjq,don't get caught!,"a game where you have to not get caught having naughty time. you have to play ""minigames"" to get your arousal up and eventually cum. but you have to switch to another tab and zip up your pants whenever you hear your parents coming. or hopefully its just the dog."
c9us0u,Fps shooter Zombies survival game.,"A first person shooter game with maps, plays like call of duty zombies but with round limit and more difficult.\n\nWhen in map you earn 'points' to use on in-map stuff, wgen you're back to base you will be able to build a few buildings like gold mine, which takes gold and time to upgrade.\n\nGame would be free on steam and be a 'free to play' game with microtransactions, coins would be used to upgrade gun perks, buy and unlock guns, and more.\n\nI plan on making lots of 'difficulty' combined with survivability with progress aswell.\n\nThe reason I got this idea is I love cod zomvies and same WWZ but that game doesn't do 'enough' for me because cod zomvies has no ending besides ee neither difficulty while wwz is very fun but the reward system lacks a LITTLE bit."
c9tvwm,The Broke Adventurer,"Standard RPG, preferably open world, with class systems etc., with the sole exception from the norm being that your protagonist isn’t the hero of destiny - they’re actually just a village/city kid who happens to be good at fighting. \n\nThis’ll be somewhere between a joke and an interesting mechanic: you’ll have to rent gear from shops because you definitely can’t afford it (and if the rent period expires in the middle of a dungeon some dude is gonna run up and just take the thing, causing you to either run after them and beg them to extend the period or have to find something else), bring qualifications and makeshift resumes to side quests for to be allowed to take the position, and you might have to take out a loan to afford some ceremonial armor to convince the main quest dudes that you mean business. \n\nAnyways it’s not very fleshed out yet, and I certainly won’t be able to make a game like this myself. Let me know what you guys think!"
c9q2p0,VR God Game,"Hello Game Idea enthusiasts,\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Pitch:** Simple pitch really make a game like black and white but in VR, VR is the perfect medium for a god game in the vein of black and white as interactivity is everything in VR and god games in VR would really give the player that god like felling of being able to destroy a village that really irks them or bestow bountiful miracles to those they adore.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**The Setting:** The setting would be a mythical version of our world during early man I suppose just before the dark ages or whenever we started to give birth to all the different religions.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**The Plot:** You're one of the first gods born of some unknown (imaginary) religion and the first section of the game the only god in existence is you (as far as you know) but as the game progresses new gods start appearing along with new religions, with this you basically go around trying to unify all the religions whilst also figuring out why and stooping the new growth of new random religions (as a side note not all the religions would be ""good"" for example some may be like those weird cults you hear about).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Gameplay:** Mechanically the game would be like the first black and white but in VR with some unique features such as increased diversity in how the villages functions i.e. having boathouses or torture dungeon. There wouldn't be any pet though however some gods do end up having 'messiahs' that have a limited set of miracles but they have the unique ability to be able to perform anywhere (They have the limit though that eventually they die).\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Graphics:** I think the graphics should be more light-hearted but still be in a capacity you could take seriously I suppose cell shaded might fit this.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIf ya have any other questions feel free to ask me."
c9pxm0,A retro shooter about stopping a wizard from resurrecting historical wars,"Not Done Yet\n\n(Summary) a 90’s shooter style game about fighting resurrected soldiers from historical wars with either different pistols, shotguns, or rifles, learning about the enemy to deal with them better, and getting help from a small lumberjack village. All by using the stats of 1 of 3 characters \n\n(In depth description)\n\nThe main gameplay of Not Done Yet will be the good old 90’s running and gunning like Doom and Blood. It will be set in a forest with a small lumberjack village you must help. You will have to fight different enemy types from different time periods with 1 of 3 different weapon classes. It will be pistols the most versatile class, shotguns, a close range but powerful class, and rifles a long rang and potentially powerful class. You will use these against knights, cavemen, soldiers, and emu’s (look up the emu wars)\n\nThere will be side mechanics like finding new weapons for the class you picked. Working with the stats for the character you picked, and getting help from the village. The weapons will be put in specific areas to be found by those who look. The three character stats are Killing Prowess (KP), Historical Knowledge (HK), and People Skills (PS), KP will determine how well you use your weapon and the damage body shots do, HK will let you know more about the enemy and how to deal with them, PS will determine how well you can interact with the villagers.\n\nThe story is about one of three characters, fighting an evil wizard who is testing his ability to revive and reenact historical battles by terrorizing a small secluded village, until he has the power to revive all of WW2. The three characters will be Daphne (KP:2 HK:3 PS:1) a teenage girl who’s one of the popular girls but is secretly a history nerd who’s practiced with guns because of her interest with wars but doesn’t know how to talk to people who don’t use the internet. Then there’s Chuck (KP:1 HK:2 PS:3) a lumberjack orphan raised in the small village who looked at animals with children and decided to never make a living creature an orphan. Finally Kirin (KP:3 HK:1 PS:2) a retired CIA agent who lived in a bunker near the village out of paranoia from natural disasters who will talk to the locals for supplies. \n\nNow this is an idea I’m not gonna attempt to make for a while as it is very ambitious. But hopefully there will come a day where I can make this game with the help of coworkers. I simply wanted to get this idea out there and get some opinions."
c9o510,A song of ice and fire inspired open world,"So as a big fan of game of thrones (tv show and the books) I would love for a GOT video game to be out there. I’ve come up with a few ideas of my own and would like to share, I would welcome your feedback and criticism.\n\n\nConcept\nSo my idea would be that this game would be a massive single player open world similar to the likes of Skyrim. You would first create a character based on your chosen starting location ranging from Dorne to the wall and beyond, depending on your chosen location your character will have a basic preset where you will be able to customise them within limitations linking to your chosen location for example if you chose winterfell as your starting location you would be a northerner therefore having different hairstyles/colour and personality compared to if you started at kings landing. No matter where your starting location is or whether your high or low born you are already adequate in the art of combat.\n\n\nThe start of the game would be less story driven and more focused on exploration and levelling up whilst completing side quests, making friends and enemies and also getting to know the world your in. There would be a skill tree and skill points for each time you level up but just levelling up doesn’t me you become stronger for example to learn a new skill you have to go out and learn this skill rather than just clicking a button and getting it, for example if you want to learn how hunt you could seek out a local hunter who may be willing to help you out in return for a favour. \n\nYou will have a choice of companions throughout the game whether that be unloyal sellswords or childhood friends, your companions will remember your choices and may like or dislike them. Your companions may become disloyal and leave your service or even worse betray you. Whereas having a loyal companion would give you an advantage in battle and other rewards based on level of loyalty.\n\nDeath is permanent in this game so you need to know your friends and enemies, the lands you walk on and the lords and ladies that control the area. If you die by the hands of another knight this knight will have your gear and you will have chance to avenge your fallen character by creating a new one. You could come back as one of your dead characters family members or a loyal friend who wants nothing more than to kill the knight who slain you. Or you could forget about that character and start in a different location and take a completely different path make new allies and new enemies.\n\nThroughout the game there will be one main storyline where your player will be guided towards after a certain level but there will also be side stories much bigger than side quests but smaller the main story. In the story the aim is to rise to the very top but given the perma death fact this could take time you have to be tactical if another house attack’s you have you made enough allies to defend yourself?\nIn this game your no one man army friends are key and there will be big battles between armies containing thousands of men you could sit out on these battles and be a Joffrey or you could lead your men into battle risking all your progress and your life like Jon snow but whatever your decisions the people will remember and will sing songs and tell tales.\n\nOnce the main story is complete and your character has chosen and completed their chosen path you can create a new character in the same universe and follow a separate path. You will be able to switch through your characters controlling them at will and can even have them as your companions.\n\nThere’s so much more I can and want to add to this so if anyone has any questions or comments or would just like me to say more about it just leave a comment thanks for reading🙌"
b34ows,An classic rpg about regular townsfolk getting together to save the day.,The setup would be something like all the heros and soldiers went to fight the villian and never came back so regular people gotta step up.\n\nThey would all use their professions as part of their moves. The farmer would use animals and farm tools to fight for instance. 
b2z545,A base building FPS without offline raiding,"I love team based base building games like rust and ARK. My biggest complaint is that they require you to treat it like a fulltime job. \n\nMy game idea is this. You can have up to ten people for your group. Each incorporated group is given a randomly generated plot of land. 5kmx5km with random forests and roads maybe a shed or two. Very woodland and natural. Your group is given shovels, axes, a 4 seater vehicle (think lada), basic bolt action firearms and shotguns, and a cache that is deployed from the vehicle. \n\nOnce you deploy the cache that is where your base's center is. You can then begin fortifying your area. Digging trenches, building small basic shelters, pointed sticks to deny movement. These recipes are already granted but must be farmed to implement them. During this time you are unable to be raided. \n\nOnly when your group turns on the signal. Will you start making more money and become susceptible to raids. When you turn off the signal; there is a 5 min cooldown before you become impervious to raids. It's a risk vs reward system. The longer you turn on the signal the more money but the higher target to other groups you become etc. I have a lot more but that's the basic idea. \n\nI would appreciate your inputs."
b2vo94,"A repost of my scraps of an idea fro, /r/gamedev","Howdy y'all, so I've been thinking of going into gamedev as a hobby, and I've been rolling around an idea in my head for a bit now and figured I should at least get some feedback.\n\nPremise: The main protag and her girlfriend are out shopping one day when a portal opens in the sky and two giant hands reach down to grab the both of you. As she's caught in the grasp a lightning bolt, or what looks to be one, strikes the hand holding her and it lets go. It turns out that the bolt was a really sinister looking piece of armor, that tells you that the hands belonged to the villain (let's call them bob, or whatever) and that they're the ruler of an alternate dimension and that the armor will help you in exchange for the souls of the 8 generals of bob.\n\nThus the start of the journey. Gameplay consists of traversing bob's castle, and defeating his generals to gain their souls which unlock weapons that allow access to new areas (in a metroid style), the weapons also serve as weaknesses (in a mega man style), while exploring also allows you to obtain traversal items (things that allow you to explore multiple routes, e.g. flutter shoes that allow wall climbing and dashing).\n\nThis is just a skeleton and, honestly don't know if I'll ever make this so if someone else wants to take it and build something off of it that's fine too. But anyway, feedback is welcome, thanks y'all.\n"
b2u3ye,A vr libarary with all of Wikipedia. It would be like vr chat but with knowledge!,
b2tore,VR WWII game where you are the operator of an anti aircraft cannon,
b2qr99,Looking for ideas for a steam game,I will be the only developer and have never released a game before. I am looking for ideas with a simple scope that can be completed within 6 months. Game must be 2d and can feature light multiplayer (such as 4 player arcade shooter or leaderboards). I prefer something that can include replayable or auto generated levels/maps to reduce time.
b2p9rb,A new gen style beat-em-up action game,"I'm thinking of a game that's something like how Double Dragon was popular in the 80's but with a major update with more influence off of God of War, DMC and Tomb Raider type of gameplay with an engaging story and cutscenes and having lots of different bad guys to fight like suited bodyguards to demons and zombies to mutants, cyborgs and all sorts of cool stuff with each stag having a tough boss to face against. Also having maybe around 4 to 8 selectable main characters to choose from to play through each with their own specialties and move sets. Maybe having a multi player co op mode to block as well."
b2onu4,Idea for a surreal rugrats RPG about horses," \n\ni would like to make a rugrats RPG, but with neoclassical architecture in a surreal atmosphere featuring uncanny dialogue and jarring non-diegetic imagery, the core game mechanic is raising horses (like neopets) and the rugrats are all voiced by H. Jon Benjamin\n\n[*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c\_0Y0\_6UyuI&amp;t=1s (****YT: rugrats RPG (official trailer)****)*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_0Y0_6UyuI&amp;t=1s)"
b2nyl9,A physics based fighting game where you create your own characters.,"So, this is kinda complicated but I'll explain it the best I can. Your character is a default size ragdoll thing, and you can design your own moves by controlling limb movement. You then bind these movements to a certain button. For example, say I wanted my character to do a right hook when I press the b button. I would control his arms to do that, and map it to the b button. I'd you have a question read the end, where I talk about a few concerns I have about the idea.\n\nHow to Create Characters:\n\nSo, there would be an option on the home screen that sends you to the place you create characters. Here, you would design limb movements to do certain actions. These could be attack based, like swinging a punch or kick at them, or movement based, like ducking, dodging, walking, or rolling. As well as that, you can decide the weight of your character. Moves can be more complicated than just single hits. You can map an entire string to a single button, saving space and making it easier on you. But you also run the risk of losing versatility and getting punished if you miss. There are three different states you can be in in battle, all of which have their own movesets:\n\nNormal (Standing up, completely unfazed)\nHit (Knocked over, or flinching from an attack)\nAirborne (Flying in midair through being launched by an attack)\n\nI'll get to what they do later. Everything you'd expect your character to be able to do normally (except turning) you have to design a move that does that. Including walking, dodging, guarding, attacking, etc.\n\nCombat:\n\nNext, the actual battling. Due to its nature as a physics-based game, there would be a lot of falling over and launching. As I mentioned before, there are three states you can be in. Hit is when you're hit with an attack that knocks you over or makes you flinch. Airborne is when you get send flying. You could design a punish out of being hit, and a way of landing safely out of being airborne, thanks to the aforementioned three different movesets.\n\nConcerns:\n\nI have a lot of things that I'm uncertain about when it comes to the idea. First is the accessibility. Designing moves could be quite difficult and tedious, especially for casual players. I have a few solutions. Make there be default custom characters there from the start (Easyish), or add a character sharing function (Harder). Another concern is the combat itself. I'm not entirely sure how a match would play out, or even what the win condition should be. Knock them out of the arena? Deplete a health bar? Pin them for a certain amount of time, wrestling style? I'm concerned that battles could either end quickly or stalemate. Another one, perhaps the biggest of all, is how difficult it would be to make. A game with that much customisation and interaction would require some serious experience to put into action. If you have any comments, questions or suggestions, feedback would be greatly appreciated."
b2nbei,A 3rd person Hack of Slash based on the War on Heaven,You play as either Michael´s or Lucifer´s angels as you fight trought hordes of Archangels and Fallen Angels to Banish the Red Dragon or take God´s Throne.
b2jzga,trans icon factory,The game would be made by Nintendo.
b2jak3,A cross platform faction based console game that predetermines your side depending on which console you connect with,
b2f38v,Zombie Sand Box game,"What about a game that combined something like Sims with Nazi Zombies from Call of Duty? Create characters, build houses and barricaded structures and protect your characters from zombies, or play on the other side and be the zombies yourself. Aside from the sim survival mode, the game would also have an arcade mode where you can create your own zombie maps with your own rules and challenges, kind of like a combination of nazi zombies and the ""create a park"" and ""create a goal/challenge"" features from Tony Hawk games. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThoughts? "
b2emu9,A game we're the story takes place in a randomly procedurally generated city. The story will automatically adapt to the generation of the city.,
b2bw4f,Dating sim where the girls are all over you and your goal is to turn them off.,
b29s2p,Bard Academy,"**Format:** 3D, 2D or text-based.\n\nIt can either be played solo or with up to 6 players. Every player is a bard, but bards can come in all shapes and sizes. You could be a hulking poet clad in plate armor, an axe-slinging songbird, a sleek rogue with a penchant for the stage, or a silver-haired witch who imbues her novels with elemental flair.\n\n**The player objectives include...**\n1. Exploring the world for hidden, forbidden, and lost knowledge.\n2. Creating **works** by documenting your collected knowledge (*lore*) into books, poems, songs, plays, and more.\n3. Rebuilding and restoring the Bard Academy to its former glory.\n\n**Mechanics:**\n33% RPG: Each player plays the role of a single character. Skill checks and combat follow a system similar to D&amp;D.\n33% base-builder: Invest some of your hard-earned coin into rebuilding the Bard Academy. It's the only way to actually *win the game*.\n33% puzzle game: In order to create a work, a player must complete a *crossword puzzle* using the knowledge they have gathered in their current quest/adventure.\n\n**Things I am not sure of, yet...** (list is subject to change and expand)\n\n*What is the title of the game?*\nSo far, it's just Bard Academy.\n\n*What is the setting?*\nI am thinking something close to the Renaissance in 14th to 17th century Europe?\n\n*So, what happened to the original Bard Academy?*\nI suppose it could have fallen into ruin after a century or more of terrible leadership, sabotage and/or neglect. Maybe the Empire came to be ruled by a faction that wouldn't allow bards to exercise their craft.\n\n**Questions? Comments? Criticisms?**"
b28qxc,Social game with fighter mechanics,"So iv’e been thinking of this for quite a while and i just found this Reddit so ill post it here if anyone finds it interesting! :)\n\nI feel there’s way to little social games out there but at the same time i do love myself some fighter games, therefore i present to you a social game with fighter mechanics.\n        You would argue in discussions by hitting the opponent with your ”facts” which would be things that either the character says or for a cool aestetic have the text be part of the art, for example you hit the opponent with golden rings where it states an argument or maybe you do a slash kinda move leaving behind a trail that forms an argument. \n        The game would be mainly against bots but a cool Idea would be local co-op. For example lets say you would maybe have a disscussion with a friend but cant decide who’s right and wrong, a la social game with fighting mechanics (i’ll call it sfm from now on). Or how about a mode were you’d be given a certain topic and then you would get either a pro or anti stand randomly, or you’d choose im not sure yet. And then you could choose from arguments or write your own, Although i think choosing from a set of arguments might be easier to pull off.\n     In the singleplayer i was thinking there might be some sort of story, maybe just a guy or girl who has to deal with relationship ups and downs and whenever they have a meaningfull talk they’d... FIGHT! :D \n     I realise that this is alot of ideas and just one of them would work just as well for a game. Also maybe social game isnt the right genre but maybe story or eh discussion games... 🤔\n\nId love to hear what you think 😄"
b284jj,Engineer Hero,"Based on a very vivid dream I had. It seemed to take place in a world reminiscent of  Fallout, but one where neutron-esque bombs were used-- Very little blast damage; Most people just suddenly dropped dead around dinner time one day.\n\nThe game is set sometime in the future, in a world now mostly inhabited by monsters. Think Monster Hunter sized, and very dangerous. You (protagonist) live within a colony of survivors inside an old airport terminal, one that isn’t doing well. It seems that for some reason, storms drive the local wildlife crazy, and tonight a particularly bad one seems to be brewing. Your people will do what they usually do: Put up the barricades, snuff out the lights, hide, but this night might be your last.\n\nBut aha! Unbeknownst to your friends, you found a relic from the age before the world ended. Sort of a book combined with a quest log, but one that gains enhanced functionality the more you work with it. So far it’s promised you knowledge, and you’ve been dutifully feeding it bits of scrap metal no one would miss. When you found it enough, it changed from a book to a fold-out table. So you fed it more, until it gained a recycling machine to directly grind metal into useful parts.\n\nAs the monsters outside are driven mad by the lightning and the rain and begin breaking through the barricades, at last your new friend gains a last addition: An assembler to smoosh all those parts into useful devices. Cramming in scrap as fast as you can, it begins popping out turrets. Turrets that, while basic in nature, are numerous enough to drive back the wildlife and save your friends. As the storm breaks at dawn, you emerge with your turrets and tiny factory, confident that you now have the know-how to not only cause your colony to survive, but thrive in this hostile and broken world.\n\nThe primary focus of this dream-game seemed to be centered around fulfilling the increasingly difficult requirement to expand your “book” and its functionality, and then using that increased functionality to better your colony. Think expanding it: Using aggressive turret placement to reclaim surrounding territory from monsters, then fortifying that territory and using it to… say, farm food, build housing within, or gather resources, depending on context. The technology you had at your disposal starts off very basic -- I remember the turrets I was able to produce were very bad, and were really only good when you had a ton of them -- but gets more effective (and expensive) the more you unlock things in your book.\n\nGameplay found you adventuring outward into the surrounding ruins to hunt for useful scrap while dodging (or not) hostile wildlife and the occasional raider, seeking out mysteries of the pre-apocalyptic world, and helping your fellow survivor. The catch is, you are not a very strong or hardy warrior. The protagonist is rather short and can’t carry much, relying on a wagon you take everywhere to do most of the hauling of the things you find. Combat is based on using finesse and, more importantly, smarts to outwit your generally much larger and much more powerful enemy. You either have to come prepared: Sacrificing wagon space (and potentially colony safety) to bring turrets with you to help you fight, or forego them and more or less rely entirely on what you can find in the world to fight with - either, say, picking up a piece of rebar, or using the environment to trick, hinder, or harm them.\n"
b26kcm,Welcome to my 'another battleroyale idea',"Just a random idea that I need to get out of my head and this is probably a bad idea but idk.\n\nTheme: Sci-fi, Space, SPACE BLOODY SHIP.\n\nPlayer will be piloting a space ship and fight it out on long range in a solar system where field hazard is ever present.\n\nShip type: There would be multiple ship type, with various empty hardpoint to mount turret that player found on the battlefield. Each ship will have hard point located at different area.\n\nExample of hardpoint at different location can be top, bottom, broadside, front, back, etc... this affect the point of view of the weapon.\n\nWeapon example: Missile launcher, Laser beam turret, plasma thrower, etc. each with their different range, recoil, energy usage, ammo, and accuracy.\n\nEnergy weapon is a short range weapon. Projectile based weapon will be medium to long range weapon\n\nA ship has a fixed number of subsystem enhancement slot allowing player to equipped subsystem they found.\n\nExample of subsystem: Long-range radar, stealth module, shield module, weapon-specific enhancement, tactical warp drive, energy reservoir, hangar module, engine enhancement, radar scrambler, etc...\n\nLocation: An abandoned solar system without a single planet and a few gas giant, used to be home for quadrillion of life, now emptied and turn into an arena for captain of capital ship to fight. Oreless asteroid field along with junk field litter the place and now turn into glorified cargo cache filled with item, abandoned station that contain advance equipment, remote outpost that contain rare item and would fight back with their turret and empty habitat pod fill the place.\n\nGameplay: Loot by destroying painted asteroid, junk, abandoned station and armed outpost. Armed drone would patrol the solar system, destroy them to obtain rare loot. Various space object litter the solar system allowing player to take advantage of their environment. Some area can be hazardous for example a nebula within the system can damage shield, but shield the ship from any detection. Within asteroid field weapon system become less effective, too close to the star can also be dangerous. Player squad will warp in and appear at the edge of the solar system, the solar system is wrapped up by a field stopping player from escaping too far and the field will start shrinking to random location every few minute and it will shrink until nowhere is safe, being outside of the field damage player ship typical battleroyale stuff here. Player will typically engage at extreme long range unless they can find some way to close in and surprise enemy (capital ship is hardly good at stealth unless they have stealth module or sneaking in nebula.)\n\nand I ran out of time and idea so i'll stop here the rest you can imagine yourself."
b25gsx,Game based on the good parts of suicide squad,"A note: i am not a coder or game designer.\nGameplay: can start new games anytime, no limit to how many.\n     Mode 1: Control your team and build up an attacking army as you unlock more characters.\n     Arena: unlocked characters fight each other. Can be entered and exited at any time during any game.\n     Mode 2: infiltrate bases with team, take out soldiers in base. Spraying graffiti everywhere is optional.\n     Mode 3: perspective of criminals, fight to take over organization controlling you.\nPlot/story: you are the head of a secret organization. You control an elite \n  force of criminals who go on secret missions. As you get more experience (level up) you have access to more and more criminals.\nArt design: graffiti and rainbow colors motif. 3d animated, cartoony style. \n   Characters look crazy, adorable, and a bit scary.\nCharacters: Ace: Basically Harley Quinn with a graffiti/ bombs motif. Carries huge flail. Symbol: like Harley's but with more rainbows and x-es all over it . (https://i.ytimg.com/vi/P_DRRaU3t2U/maxresdefault.jpg) Harley 's symbol"
b23dvz,Cooperative tycoon fps horror game,"A cooperative tycoon game where a team of friends have to keep a scp style facility functioning that gets progressively more complex adding more facilities and monsters with different traits\n\nThe game itself i imagine as a fps where there would be either multiple assigned roles or self formulated roles by strategic players. The players will need a wide range of specialists such as\n\nSecurity guards\nIn charge of protecting staff and containing other players or monsters. In average gameplay they will be keeping an eye on all players and protecting scientists when they interact with scps. At the worst they will be prioritising evacuating as many staff as possible and securing as many assets as possible to reform the facility while containing the monsters in the facility.\n\nScientists\nScientists purpose is to maintain all scps in the facility as new ones get introduced they will need to push the boundaries and run experiments to find as much data and knowledge on how to keep, control and feed the scps. This will of course come at risk...\n\nCeo/warden\nCould be multiple players or one single player. The ceo/ warden is in charge of communicating with all the players in the facility and managing the facility whether expanding the facility or controlling alarm systems or lockdowns.\n\nThe ceo could have the advantage of having a intercom to mass communicate with other players. \n\nThe ceo will have the role of designing the most efficient facility that has such rooms as:\n\nSecurity rooms which provide guards with guns and armour\n\nBulkheads which as a remote or manually operated buffer for monsters that could be locked remotely by the ceo or opened manually by a player depending on the ceo\n\nPanic rooms which could as a place for scientists to enter and attempt to communicate to guards\n\nTramlines this may not be a feature depending on how the game is designed but ideally the game could be designed to allow for larger or spread facilities with connecting tramlines which could act as either quicker transport for players a way to move mass cargo or a potential escape route\n\nHolding cells these would be where the scps are contained and could vary in shape and size for each scp\n\nOffices for scientists and the ceo where a good ceo could place offices in strategic points to allow for scientists to move around efficiently and escape easily\n\nDelivery/ escape points could vary from helipads, elevators from underground, loading bays\n\nHallways i think this is pretty self explanatory\n\nMechanics\nThe game should have a direct communication style gameplay where intercoms and radios act as the main form of player communication. Players will need to organise through the ceo to allow for efficient operation. \n\nGuns should be relatively simple but atleast have a range of weapons vast enough to encourage players to study scps and figure out what weapons work best on certain scps\n\nThe game should be a continuous loop without end where even in a total meltdown players can recover assets to restart a new facility with said materials.\n\nThere should be a real challenge where each role has to constantly be on their feet and even have potentially more roles but never truly feel rigged. I think some of the ideas i mentioned in the roles will help allow players to feel needed.\n\nThank you for reading my horribly formatted post please add on or criticise as much as you want i just wanted to get a idea i thought was fun out somewhere.\n"
b23ak2,Only 2 buttons,I want a quick simple dumb 2 button game idea! Go!
b21qhq,"Possible a large game, but not based on anything that I know of and I'd like some feedback anyway.","An empire-building game except smaller. You start off each time with your central building where it can support a small local population who then gather resources for you too use except instead of building and training, characters (People, slimes, aliens, whatever seems appropriate) just reproduce very quickly and you use the offspring to not only boost your population, but you use them to ""Build"" things and you can throw them at things to damage them. You have to gather and grow food for them, but increasing the quality of their life by adding theaters, more houses, etc increases the rate at which they reproduce. You can alter certain aspects about the offspring either through magic or selective breeding (you'd need to either have two entities breed with each other to have a specific blend between them and continue to branch off or collect/make specific materials that change offspring born or raised near it.) Then obviously you'd be racing against another group of the same species initially that had slightly altered attributes such as they are stronger need more food. The main mechanics of the game would involve population happiness which would affect the rate at which the entities reproduce, which is affected by how close they are to any fighting or high-risk areas as well as utilities and food available. Combat would involve your group literally throwing their comrades at the enemy. Combat would be a huge section in which the variation in attributes would come into play, because you'd want some larger, stronger entities that do most of the throwing whilst you also want a larger supply of small entities that are cheap and have odd qualities (eg: if the entities are slimes, having a fire-attribute would cause them to explode on impact of have a damage-over-time affect, whilst if it were people or people genetically manipulating animals, having a rabid attribute would mean that their damage would be an AOE attack.   \n\n\nI have more if anyone wants it more fleshed out but chances are this is too big/complex so I won't waste any more time than necessary. Thanks for any feedback."
b20xdy,Revised battle royale idea. What do you guys think?,"It is a battle royale set in a fantasy world and instead of the area you are playing in getting smaller, the players get bigger. Like other battle royale games, you need to travel around the world you are in to pick up items and harvest resources. Whenever you kill another player, all of their health is added to yours. This is the basic idea and I need some help refining it. What are your thoughts? "
b1z9j6,A Paper Mario-esc Platformer Starring Cryptids,"A platforming game akin to games like the Mario or Rayman series, with turn based battles with timed inputs such as the Paper Mario / Mario &amp; Luigi series of games. \n\nThe main gimic would be a variety of different cryptids (4 - 5 of them, which would function similarly to the partners in Paper Mario) which can be used both in battle and in the over-world, with each creature that you unlock helping you progress in the story or access things that couldn't be done before.\n\nAs for which selection of Cryptids make the final cut of the game, the possibilities are endless, although I'd reccomend the more well known ones with maybe one or two more obscure cryptid partners. Perhaps cryptids like Mothman would enhance the player's platforming abilities thanks to better aerial mobility, but not be as good in the RPG battles, as an example. Maybe cryptids like the Chupacabra could be a glass cannon in the RPG battles, quickly taking a whole lot of health from enemies in a short amount of time via status effects, but quickly being taken out. And those are just 2 potential partners out of the hundreds of cryptids there are to choose from.\n\nAs for story, I've honestly got no clue. Although, personally, I feel that it shouln't take itself too seriously, with the plot and designs generally being a bit more colorful and over-the-top. The cryptids themselves should have more exaggerated and over-the top designs / personalities, but still reflect their actual counter-parts.\n\nAnyhow, that's pretty much the basis of the idea. If anybody has anything to add, feel free to let me know!"
b1xg54,"Escape room type game, except you aren't trying to leave","So I've been thinking for a bit about a Granny-type game where you need to find objects to unlock locks, break doors etc. But, the twist, you entered to find something. It could start out where you move towards a building or just a general area with a childhood memory, or maybe, a sentimental object from your childhood. You basically break in, or enter normally, depending on the place, and find objects like keys, and tools, to get to your objective. You try in vain to find it, and at the end, it can have a mini cinematic like, well, Granny. Depending on what you want, it can have just one building, or a whole campaign type err.. thingy. Now, obviously, it needs a monster, or driving force. I'm thinking it could be a physical incarnation of dread, or regret etc. I don't think a traditional killer would work. Tell me what you think."
b1vt5f,I may be breaking the rules (if not then) but im on a competition rifht now and im looking for some game idea concepts,"Ok so im in a competition where i need to make a game in 24 hours, winner gets a 1000 eur.\n\nNow we all got the same theme and im asking you all for suggestions (main theme is Chain reaction) were planning to make it in 3d so give me your best suggestions\n\n*now some of you may say ""why dont you just search around here? "" im on a time limit so i cant realy be searching*"
b1tv98,A Kart Racer with Some Fighting Game Mechanics," A Mario Kart Wii-style game with fighting game mechanics such as meter management and character-specific special attacks, all coupled with a Mario Strikers/Jet Set Radio/Sonic Riders art direction.  \n\- Physics would be akin to Mario Kart Wii, but faster and heavier.  \n\- Meter gain can be sped up by taunting (similar to a wheelie in Mario Kart Wii, but with any vehicle) or hitting an opponent with an item. Otherwise, meter is gained automatically. Meter gauge has 3 bars to it.  \n\- Outside or inside drifting option for every vehicle.  \n\- Arcade-style single player mode."
b1ttcv,A Fallout-Esque Maze Runner RPG,"Two games:\n\nOne focusing on an extended version of The Kill Order, will be about 20+ Hours\n\nThe other one focusing on Thomas’s story, (About 40 Hours), with a prequel expansion following The Fever Code (10+ hours)\n\nThe choices Mark, Thomas, and Newt can affect and outright change the story.\n\nCombat could either be turn-based strategy (XCOM, Wasteland 2), or Shooter-like (Fallout 4, Cyberpunk 2077)\n\n\n\n"
b1pzlg,There should be a game where anti-vacation people are the spread of a deadly virus slowly killing the humanity,
b1il28,Co-op zombie/undead Battle Royal,"50 People drop on a map looking for weapons (mainly melee), medicine and food (used only to increase stamina not sustain). Instead of moving towards a circle people try to run away from a given zone that will spawn hordes of undeadzombies. The longer the game progresses the more frequent zones spawning zombies will happen. Universal map objective will always be in a different location. This could be something like find batteries then deliver to a radio. Upon completing the objective of the map it will trigger a helicopter rescue location which will in turn trigger massive horde spawns. Winners are the ones that can get to the helicopter on time or before it gets destroyed by zombies. So people at the helicopter have to defend it until its time to go."
b1hp7h,"Sperm Royale! A game in which sperm battle it out to be the final one remaining that gets to fertilize the egg. Also could feature a ""Twins""/""Triplets"" mode where teams of two/three fight to the finish.","Eh, guys? Eh?"
b1gltz,GotM: Month 1 - Submit and vote on game ideas," Hello /r/gameideas!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis is the first round of [GotM](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/az4eyz/gotm_we_want_to_realize_a_game_idea_every_month/). Here, you can submit your own game ideas and/or upvote the ideas you like the most. By the end of the round, we will pick the game idea with the most upvotes and create a mobile game out of it in only a month. If the game would work on PC, we’ll also make it available on PC!\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Submission**\n\nTo submit a game idea, put it in a comment in a short and concise manner. Submissions must adhere to the following rules:\n\n* Not longer than a tweet (280 characters).\n* No racist or NSFW game ideas.\n* No overly ambitious ideas, e.g. MMORPGs or “Call of Duty but more explosions”.\n\nEven though we sincerely hope we’ll never have to, we reserve the right to ignore ideas that break these rules, even if they are the most upvoted ones.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nHere are a couple of examples of how a submission could look like:\n\n* George of the jungle, in the city. George delivers pizzas, but everyone HATES George.\n* A vertical shooter where you cure diseases. With roguelike elements.\n* Climb to the top of a mountain by hardcore-praying to the almighty spaghetti monster.\n\nNote that these are just examples. Feel free to write your submission however you like as long as they adhere to the submission rules.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Voting**\n\nTo vote on a game idea, simply upvote it! The voting ends on Sunday, March 17, at 16:00 UTC. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Discussion**\n\nDiscussions are welcome, but please put it as replies, and let the root comments be for game idea submissions. Note that when we create a game from the most upvoted submission, we will first and foremost work on the game as outlined in the submission. However, we may also look into the discussion for further inspiration and to tailor it more closely for the community.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**FAQ**\n\nQ: When will the game be released?\n\n*A: In the middle of April. Exact date will be announced later.*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nQ: Where will the game be released?\n\n*A: Through an app on Google play. If the game would work on PC, through the* [GotM website](https://macaronistudios.com/gotm/)*. More details will be provided later.*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nQ: Will the game be free?\n\n*A: Yes! You will get the full experience for free, without any ads or “pay-to-win”.*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nQ: Will I get any recognition for my idea?\n\n*A: Of course! You will get a special thanks in the game.*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nQ: Who is “we”?\n\n*A: We are a group of Swedish game students that are starting up a small indie game studio called* [Macaroni Studios](https://macaronistudios.com/)*.*\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n*//*\n\nLet the games begin!"
b1ftqq,From the NPCs point of view the Heroes are real scumbags that steal all your belongings! We made a game about this.,"Tells us what you think, ask anything, and check the game here:  [https://kck.st/2ELuFvB](https://kck.st/2ELuFvB) "
b1etbr,A farming-style game (in the vein of Stardew Valley) set in an apocalyptic wasteland,"**Premise**\n\nThe premise of the game is that you have been sent out from your community after a nuclear war has devastated the world in order to provide food for your community. Your community is nearing on starvation as supplies scavenged from supermarkets and homes are becoming increasingly scarce. Your community needs to grow its own food before these supplies run out totally. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Gameplay**\n\nYou start out with a small plot of land and a few seeds given to you by the community to begin growing food. The player then plants the seeds, makes sure to water the crops and waits for it to grow. But the wasteland is a dangerous place and many other people out there will see the operation of a small farm as an opportunity. The player will need to build defences, hire security, and improve their crop yields by purifying water, making compost from plant waste (like carrot tops, wheat stalks, etc). \n\nPlants take about 7 ingame days to grow, and every month, a merchant will come along to buy the produce and sell seeds and other necessities. But not all seeds can be bought, or the farm will soon go out of business. It is on the player to allow a certain amount of their crop to go to seed to allow collection of seed to expand planting for the next cycle. In addition to this, the player would need to reserve enough of the crops to allow them to survive the harsh winter months without dying from starvation.  \n\nEventually, the player could hire farmhands from the community after they have established their role as a primary producer for the community. The farmhands would take care of watering, harvesting, and planting areas that the player marks for them to work. \n\nAs the farm grows, and the player is making more money, the player could buy plots of adjacent land to expand their farms, hire more farmhands, and more security personnel. This, however, comes at more than a monetary cost. The larger their farm grows, the more of a target they become, and the more people who will want to take what is not theirs. \n\nThere could also be an option of raising animals as well, though the player would have to ensure to grow enough food to feed the animals in question. \n\nThrough the story mode of the game, the game would slowly morph from a regular farming sort of game to more of a lite business simulation, and players would need to plan accordingly to make sure they keep profits coming in so that they can continue to grow and evolve. \n\nThere could be an extra layer of complexity for harder modes, where, after a time, the community runs out of scavenged foods and begins to rely totally on the farm. If the player only provides one sort of food all the time, members of the community begin to suffer from malnutrition from only having one type of food to eat, which drives down prices for the food being grown and raising prices for alternative foods. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**Difficulty of Creation**\n\nI can absolutely see this going a long way in the hands of a small indie dev team. The depth and scale of the game could be easily managed by even a small team, and most of the more complex stuff happens behind the scenes. I can imagine this being more pixel art than fully rendered, I think that would suit the game best. It's more about the story than the looks of the game. "
b19noz,The last game to exist [Venture 7],"I have an idea for a game that takes place literally at the end of the universe. You play as 07, a robot that was programmed to find a sustainable humans, which became a space faring civilization billions of years ago. Unbeknownst to 07, the human race is long gone. In the end of this universe, matter is almost nonexistent and is encapsulated within black holes. Luckily for 07, humans have discovered how to access and interact with black holes before their demise. When you interact with a black hole, there is no going back, as its pull is too strong. The way the game handles is that it has platforming elements as well as rigorous and quick decision making. The black holes are how you access levels, as they contain the only matter left in the known universe and 07's job is to scavenge the universe in vain to aid a long gone society. Throughout the story, 07 becomes more and more human and wondering whether it even has a purpose in this abysmal void (due to machine learning). The game is played in an almost bird's-eye/third person mashup view. Upon entering a black hole, the character is delivered to the level, where another black hole exists somewhere in the level, devouring all the distorted matter stored within the first black hole. As you progress, the amount of matter stored within the layers upon layers of black holes increases from the last, at the same time getting more and more distorted. The same thing happens when you become more and more human, with your limited, trapped mind being slowly driven insane by NOTHING...\n\n\nThank you for  coming to my TED talk and remember that this is just an idea for a new game, not a political opinion, but I am open to suggestions. I will try to make this game a reality once I have gained more experience with a game engine and sprite/ level design."
b18m1o,Horror Game Concept,"So you’re playing as someone that is stuck in a house trying to escape. There is also an enemy of some sort. The protagonist must progress up the house/hotel/building/whatever to get to the roof wherein (s)he escapes via fire escape (all the windows are barred.) They must also collect objects on their way to the top in order to progress (e.g. a crowbar to pry open a door, keys to unlock a gate, get creative.) However, while the player can see perfectly fine, they cannot hear anything. What the audience *can* hear however, is audio from the enemy’s point of view. You must be stealthy, and if you make too much noise, you just might be able to hear it, and the enemy doesn’t like hearing loud noises or else it comes for you and attacks you."
b145vl,r/BossFight game,A boss-rush game where you have to fight bosses from r/BossFight
b12sv2,An idea i like for Survival.,"So for the plast few days i have been having this idea. An idea of a Survival game where you are put in the vietnamese jungle (could be any other) and you have to make due with What you have. Make tools, hunt food and set up Shelter. Use bamboo to make water trenches and Get a semi automation with water driver machines. In the good end you want to escape, with a boat, plane or radio signal i am unsure. \n\nI have made Really unfinished scetch of the idea on Google docs If you want to look at it. Maybe you have an input that i can Add? \nhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pt2Ughjj6m2RLew-ElDSZ3ZDGPWEYWyfGSh-ExlCnsc"
b11z8q,"A 4 player horde PvE game, like L4D and Vermintide, but a class based RPG.","I’d love to see a game that’s a marriage between Diablo and L4D.  Stat and gear based RPG where a player joins objective based scenarios with other players to achieve certain goals and level up.  Scenarios would be ranked by level (1-5, 4-8, 20-22, etc...), and players could bring friends or be matched with similar level players.\n\nGameplay would be similar to Vermintide.  First person combat, hordes of enemies, and character classes that work better when there’s variation in the party.  Different classes would have their own skills and spells, along with unique talent trees to ensure that two players of the same class can play in different ways.  Likewise, gear could allow a player to better build a character to their liking.\n\nEnemies, likewise, should come in various forms, and scenarios should be semi-random to promote variety in player classes.  Failing to bring a class that has strong ranged abilities might leave the party vulnerable to a sniper, or lack of AoE might mean they’re overrun by a horde easily."
b11sus,Ski Resort Tycoon,"Idea inspired by Rollercoaster Tycoon.\n\nYou start with an untouched map, with maybe a road or highway going through it. Early maps would be small rolling hills, later maps would be massive mountain ranges.\n\nYou would start by building roads, parking...and deforesting the slopes to delineate the ski runs. Each run would have a rating (green circle, blue square, black diamond, double diamond etc...) based on gradient, length, hazards etc. \n\nThen you have to build the infrastructure: lodge, chairlifts, rental station, ski school, t-bars, conveyor belts for the bunny hills, medical stations, floodlights etc.\n\nYou could buy and place snow machines and assign snowcats etc to improve the quality of the hills and extend the season.\n\nIn later maps you can unlock more advanced options like Gondolas, heli-skiing, major tournaments, spas, glacier climbing, cross-country skiing etc.\n\nYou'd have to employ patrollers, maintenance people, teachers, staff, cooks etc.\n\nLike in Rollercoaster Tycoon you'd also decide on the prices for everything. Your goal would be to make enough money in a season to improve your ski resort for the next season.\n\nSkiers would visit with a set of randomly generated preferences: runs of a certain length and level, food, lessons, whatever.\n\nDisasters could include medical emergencies, maybe where a skier of a certain level went on a hill that was beyond their level, or got lost in the woods. Tech breakdowns like chairlifts that weren't maintained enough etc.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI just think that would be a really fun game and I can't stop thinking about it.\n\n&amp;#x200B;"
b0yser,A Single-Player/Co-op RPG in an MMORPG setting.,"BTW I'm not talking about any of the Sword Art Online games although I did have inspirations from it.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nYou are one of the characters in a ""Stuck in a video game"" setting, most characters you interact with are other ""player characters"", they have names, they level up, form parties, join guild as time goes on, what they do is actually fixed, and can be affected by your actions (kill them enough times and they'll delay some of their future actions because they are too low leveled, making friends with them stops them from joining a rival in the future etc.)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThe game has a soft time limit, since it ends after you defeat the Final Boss, if you don't defeat it first, other characters will if you let them get powerful. Depending on your actions you'll get different endings, New Game+ will be a prominent feature.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSome examples of player actions: (Note by ""players"" I mean other characters not real players)\n\n* Killing other ""players"" preventing them from getting stronger and a chance to steal their loot; but you'll receive a PKers penalty and you'll be hated (and loved) by some characters especially your target.\n* Forming parties with other players to go hunting together.\n* Romancing certain players and even getting married in-game.\n* Creating a guild and recruit players or join an existing one.\n* Duel with a powerful player to make you more well known, or not."
