id,title,clee
64naut,Turf Wars: an open-world MMO game where you fight for your gang's territory.,"Okay, so in this game, you play as a gangster in a fictional, open-world city. After a quick tutorial, you're released into the city with a spray can, a rag, and a gun. The spray can you use to spray your logo, which you can custom-design, onto anywhere. All parts of the map that are closer to your logo than anyone else's, calculated geometrically by the game, is your turf. You can use the rag to remove other gangsters' logos and expand your territory. You can even put your logo on a moving car, for a changing turf. The gun is for fending off your turf from other gangsters. When you die, you respawn on the part of your turf that's the furthest from anyone else's.\n\nYou can start or join a gang if you want, and all of the turfs of people in the gang now belong to the gang leader. Everyone in the gang shares the gang leader's turf, and can spray the gang leader's logo instead of their own. If you leave your gang after joining, you start all over with no turf.\n\nPerhaps there can also be police patrolling that shoot anyone they see shooting, so you have to time your turf wars. Also, AI gangs that you can compete against in single player. And maybe stores that you can hold up for money if its in your turf, and buy guns/food/other things from, but you can't buy from a store that you've held up, and the police have a chance of being inside any given store at any time."
64n471,**Lost Cause** A historical FPS Based on the american civil war.,"The title says it all. It would be nice to see an FPS which revolves around the american civil war. Complete with slow muzzle-loading muskets, steam ironclads and a historical narrative that backs it. If anyone is interested I'll be posting an super-detailed document soon."
64mq6v,Mobile Game Theme Idea Help,"Hello! I'm a game dev looking for help with a mobile game idea. I have a criteria for the app, I just can't figure out a theme or concept that's original and fits this criteria. I've lurked on this subreddit for a while and noticed myself how annoying it is when people request ideas with very little contribution themselves, but really all I'm asking for is a theme or concept that can get me started. Game mechanic suggestions would also be cool.\n\nSo here are my rules:\n\nI don't want the game to be objectively completable. No beating every level, no purchasing every perk/item in the game or anything that could provide merit to a claim that someone has completed it. This is the number one rule, I want it to be endless. Kind of like flappy bird. You can't complete flappy bird.\n\nIt also needs to be simple and not take itself seriously. I'd rather make a simple game that keeps people playing due to addiction or them wanting 'just one more go' instead of actually giving them a game that's playable for hours because of progression and other good reasons for them to keep playing. Again, flappy bird did this well. It was garbage yet I can recall at least three separate occasions I played it for more than two hours straight. I can't even play a lot of AAA games for that long.\n\nGraphics is are a complicated issue. I'm an accomplished 3D designer but can't animate anything too advanced to save my life. My 2D art abilities come and go like the wind so simpler ideas are better. \n\nI'd also like to get some money from this, so brownie points if your idea could work with in-app purchases. However I'm not scum and won't put up any paygates or pay to win bullshit. Everything in the app must be somehow accessible without investing a penny, but spending a bit will certainly help the process a long. I'll also have ads but nothing invasive like some people have in their apps *cough* previous employers *cough*.\n\nTangent: I once worked for a guy who insisted that ads be put up everywhere. Open the game, interstitial advert. Start playing it, interstitial. Purchase something, interstitial. Been in the menus for a minute, interstitial. Change menu page, interstitial. The game was unplayable and it completely butchered a game I'd designed and created start to finish for this prick's financial gain. I have enough respect for my own games that I wouldn't shit on them like that.\n\nSo, who has a simply mobile app idea with endless replayability with the right amount of cancer mixed in?"
64jd19,What do you think about Rocket League game in isometric style on mobile?,
64g82h,Futurama,Well it's pretty self explanatory. I just want to know why there hasn't been a remake for current consoles. I feel that Futurama has enough adventures to make a kickass game. My opinion
64fqq5,I golf game like Rocket League in that the objective is to bump the ball accordingly into the hole while in an RC-like car. Fewest strokes possible.,
64dcd1,Old idea I made two years ago - super-ambitious Reassembly clone,"So, over two years ago, I found this game called ""Reassembly"" on Steam, a little before it released from Early Access.  I remember watching a video about it when I had first found it, and to this day, I do not remember being as enthralled and amazed by anything in my entire life as I was at the ideas of that game.  About a month later, I actually bought the game on Steam and played it, and although I found it very entertaining at first, I soon realized that it was very shallow, and that many of its ideas were not as fleshed out as I had hoped.  Combining my love for what I initially thought the game would be with my love for cool-looking alien creatures, I decided to write a lengthy, geeky text file on my computer about this game that I wanted to make, that I at the time called ""Project Grow.""  I found out that the project was WAAAAY too ambitious for almost any team of game developers to make later on, but still, this was what I wrote:\n\nProject Grow is a game concept that I plan to grow and develop into my first full video game.  Unfortunately, the idea is VERY ambitious and would take even the most experienced artists, programmers, designers and testers a while to make a good game out of, but that won't stop me by my lonesome doing it!  The basic idea for what I will for now be calling Project Grow is that you play as a small part of a huge species of rapidly growing and adapting creatures in a world with other factions of rapidly growing and adapting creatures, all fighting and waging war to collect a common resource to feed the faction's numbers and sizes.  Well, pretty much the game Reassembly from Anisoptera Games, but taking place in a huge 3D game environment, playing as a somewhat-gross-but-mostly-cool growing creature, with plenty of other differences.  Hmm, or maybe you could call it Reassembly combined with the creature creation of Spore.  It may appear to be that at first, but Project Grow will aim to fix all the small errors and disappointments that Reassembly left behind in it's ambition, like the fleet and sector aspects that could have been SO much more fleshed out.  For example, remember how the ships in Reassembly only worked and fought as a fleet when they were under YOUR wing, and even then all they did was follow you around?  Through Project Grow,  I aim to take that concept to a new level.  In Project Grow, you will be able to create, manage and customize Hordes, the game's version of the fleets from Reassembly.  Let's say you're playing what Project Grow will eventually become in the future, and you want to spawn a Horde starting with a single, large, efficient creature of your creation, and tell it to guard that sector and consume any enemies or grubs(tiny, defenseless creatures that exist solely to provide small bits of Biomass, the game's resource) that pass through that area, and use the Horde that spawns as a result to guard that area forever, as long as it lives.  You could do all sorts of commands and execute all sorts of plans with Project Grow's Horde mechanic.  You could tell all the creatures you control in a sector to assemble a Horde, and then have that Horde take over all the surrounding sectors.  You could spawn a strong Horde of creatures made only to guard you in your adventures, spawn small hit-and-run Hordes to attack enemy outposts or guarding rival Hordes, or even create a strategic army of Hordes with different assortments of creatures to deal as much damage to an opposing Species as possible!  You could create a huge Horde of small flying creatures, and tell it to assault a huge rival flying creature and carry all of the carcass' biomass to a Horde on land, and tell that Horde to attack an area once it has grown to a certain size.  You will be able to do all sorts of incredible things with the Horde system in Project Grow, but what else about the game?  Project Grow plans to take a bit more from Reassembly than I'm proud to say, but it will expand on all of those systems in a way that will make it it's own game.  A usual game in Project Grow will have you starting out as a very tiny creature, almost microscopic in size, and will have you eat grubs(who also grow and evolve, to a lesser extent than a full-blown Species) to grow into a larger creature, and soon, not only will you have developed several new parts and have the research to use new parts, you will develop the ability to asexually spawn creatures of your own creation to do as you please, and after hours of land domination and growth, will have you play as a small part of HUGE swarm of creatures, all under your command.  You can also spawn large, immobile, strong creatures to act as outposts for your species.  Sounds familiar, right?  Well, it takes the ""start small"" aspect from Spore and the ""grow the swarm and conquer territory"" aspect from Reassembly, and a bit of the ""gross all-infesting creatures"" from the Zerg in Starcraft, so although it's not the most original of games, hopefully the whole will be worth more than the sum of its parts.  One thing I didn't touch upon, however, is how the game will play.  Reassembly played like a 2D shooter with some RTS mechanics.  Project Grow will play like a 3D action game, and will have a reticle for your attacks, but the player will also be able to assume an all-out RTS view to command their creatures from, and they can zoom out to see a full view of the map, similarly to Supreme Commander, to issue commands to remote Hordes.  You will be able to customize the creature you control.  You can assume the form of a tiny, beelike (creature) and fly through the sky doing whatever the heck you want, or be a huge land creature and stomp everything in your way.  This is the most ambitious part of this game by far, but the game will also feature a 100% LIVING WORLD, which is one of the things Reassembly disappointed me most with.  The creatures in your faction, if set to ravage the world and eat and reproduce as they go, will continue to do so constantly, until they are told to do differently.  The species are all rapidly growing and evolving, and their evolution will be dynamically generated like the game world itself was.  If the player leaves the game on overnight, they will come back to see a very different world indeed.  The game will also be multiplayer and mod-compatible, because why not, to give the game more longevity.  It will be a tough, grueling project, but it is one I am very enthusiastic to actually make!"
64cnp3,"Making a mobile game, need simple ideas","I am a game Dev, and I need some simple mobile game ideas. \nI will post my Skype or discord to you if I'm going to make the game, so that I can credit you and give you some money properly.\n\nSorry for my English, I'm from Sweden.\n\nReward 50$"
64bjgh,Rewiring players,"Every part of UI, both input and output, including hotkeys and sound (but not the main menu) are represented as objects that exist in game and connect the player's brain to various parts that interact with the rest of the world - hands, eyes, inventory, guns, etc. \n\nThese UI objects can be tampered with, so you can replace someone's visual feed from their eyes with a feed from a camera, or replace your ability to walk with an ability to control a tank. "
6491tg,How to punish players for loss of humanity in multiplayer games?,"Let's say there's a game where you can exchange your humanity for some kind of power, be it magic, superpowers or cyber implants. You also want to use the usual trope where gaining new powers requires an actual sacrifice and is not a straight upgrade, so humanity loss should be meaningful. But it's also lazy and doesn't really make sense for humanity loss to directly harm the player.\n\nIt would be really cool if we could somehow make other players punish those who are not 100% human instead of doing it directly. But how? What incentives should we create?\n"
648vst,"An open world game where you can forge your own path on the planet of Arrakis, from Frank Herbert's ""Dune"" books","There's nothing really to say, but if you've read *Dune* then you know how massive and awe-inspiring are all the aspects of the desert Dune planet. Even a linear story driven game about *Dune* would be neat and is definitely called for - I don't know why there hasn't been one yet - but to do it right it, an open world game would be awesome. Work in the spice trade, harvesting Melange from the sand worms, or join forces with the Fremen and live among the glowglobes of their society and learn to fight. It would just be awesome. Definitely a triple A undertaking, or quadruple A to be honest."
648l19,Voice-mimicking monster based CO-OP Horror game idea.,"Listening to creepy stories of monsters that mimic the voices of potential victims friends, loved ones, or just other people to lure them in to potentially kill them.  I had an idea for that to work as a mechanic in a game. \n\nYou and at least 1 other person are trapped in some enclosed dark area, be it a scientific facility, giant mansion, or something similar.   It would be dark enough that the players would be reliant on flashlights to light up a limited area around them.  said flashlights would have a limited life to have players juggle resources like batteries in their bid for escape. \n\nUsing voice commands both players must find switches or items to get them through rooms of the area to escape.    The game would try to force players apart as to rely on their voice commands to find each other or locate objectives in the room.  \n\nStandard commands of ""Come over here (to me)"", ""Pick this up"", ""Pull that lever"" etc would be used. \n\nThe monster trying to kill you and your partner would try to mimic your voices to lure you to it and kill you.   At the earliest stages of the game.  The quality of the mimicry would be way off, having something really distinct to say ""this isn't your friend"" or something,  the further you progress the better at mimicking the monster gets until the latest stages its nearly perfect with only the absolute slightest hint that it could be fake.\n\nFor example: Player 1 is running low on flashlight battery and he hears players 2 say ""Batteries over here!"" from his left and he tries to head over there to keep his light on, instead he finds no batteries and gets jumped by the monster.   \nPlayer 2 has no knowledge of this (as there would be no kill feed or any sort, and the body would be removed, maybe leaving just a blood stain which would blend in with previous blood stains that already exist in the area).   Eventually Player 2 will hear Player 1 saying that he found something (like a switch) only to again, find nothing and get jumped with Game Over ending it. \n  \n\nIt could even use in-game voice chat with headsets and mics with the monster pulling its voice lines from this.   It would take some programming but I believe it would be do-able.   It would essentially record the players using the in-game chat then slightly distort the voices and play them back.   \n\nOf course using a 3rd party ""out of game"" voice chat system such as skype, discord, teamspeak etc would essentially be cheating as it would defeat the whole mechanic the monster uses.   \n\nPerhaps if the players are simply ""too silent"" for a prolonged period of time through the use of a 3rd party voice chat the monster becomes very aggressive and begins to more actively hunt the players without the use of the more subtle mimic-lure-kill tactic.   I would imagine it would still be possible to complete the game even with the super aggressive monster but substantially more difficult but not an auto lose. \n\n\nAnyways, its an idea.   I thought to jot it down rather than forget it and lose it.  \n"
64639j,[mobile] MMO game where you interact base on real world map,"As the title says, a game where you play with others based on your location. \n\nSomething like Pokemon GO, but every player appears on the map and two players can play only if they are adjacent one with the other.\n\nThe game could be anything, a PvP game, or a dancing game (where the interaction between boys and girls could be proefficient), a trading card game, any idea of a game."
64631s,How 2 Snoop Dogg,
643php,Looking to make a game about memes.,I don't know what it's going to be yet.. maybe a idol clicker game?\nI just want to make a game based off popular web memes\n\nI've had game making and pixel art experience before. \n(Just a few games i've made)\n\nhttp://gamejolt.com/games/crybabythegame/237469\nhttp://gamejolt.com/games/12-useless-games/176185\n\nLeave your discord if you're interested.
642acr,"Looking for more beginners that would like to work on an RPG inspired by games such as Earthbound, Lisa, etc",[deleted]
641k4j,A spy drama board game,"You are a superpower. You have two primary characteristics: Power and Discontent. You lose either when another player attacks and defeats you directly or when your Discontent is higher than your Power. (Declaring a war without a good casus belli increases your Discontent dramatically, so it only works as a finishing move.)\n\nYou also have agents - spies, journalists, rebel leaders, assassins, politicians. Every agent is either in yours or in someone else's territory. Agents can be sent on missions that affect either superpower characteristics or other agents. Agents can also defend against enemy missions.\n\nSometimes agents have feelings towards each other: admiration, hate, trust, rivalry, love. Missions that include agents that have feelings towards each other will not go as planned, especially when you don't know which enemy agent will oppose you. Every time there's a conflict between feelings and mission objectives, you'll have to choose between two options: something bad happens with your agent or the mission. \n\nFor example, an assassination of an enemy agent admired by one of your own will either fail - with some of your agents being killed - or will succeed, but at the price of your agent defecting.\n\nSome missions can even require that one of the agents has feelings towards another. A major provocation will only work if one of the enemy agents trusts one of your own, for example.\n\nMissions will also create or change feelings. Witnessing a spectacular job will result in admiration, being saved by someone will cause trust.\n\nThere are tons of details I could (and should - if I wanted to turn this into a concept) add, not to mention describing specific missions, superpowers, or agent classes and personalities. But this is just an idea, and I already spent more than an hour on it, so I think I'll call it a day.\n\nP.S. reading rulebooks is awesome and inspirational, even if you have no plans of actually playing the game.\n\nEdit: forgot to post [this TvTropes link](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/EspionageTropes).\n\nEdit 2: also forgot to mention that the overall goal is to create stories about the agents, RimWorld-like. It might even add another layer to the game: if a player likes an agent enough to not throw them under the bus when necessary, other players can predict and exploit that. "
63zv3r,"**Coined** : A game where you play the role of a coin, the very beginning of any transaction in real world.","**This is a part of a game concept I've been working on along with my friend but it is too vast to be created on my own, I think. If any developer from here wants to work on it or would like to create it together with me, he/she is most welcomed. As I have no investment at all, I thought of posting it here for help. If you like this and want to get in touch, please do. Thanks**\n\n\n###Coined\n\n\n**Introduction**\n\nCoined is a top-down(considering) turn based strategical RPG for PC in which the player is in a role of decision maker named John. The player has to decide and strategize his spending and acquire the skills of any person in the game world. As soon as he spends a coin by giving it to a character, player is responsible for the actions of that other character as well.\n\n**Description**\n\nYou play as one character initially, let's call him John, because we can't see him yet.\nJohn is a kid and has a piggy bank. He is old enough to break the piggy and spend his savings on his desires and needs. As soon as John breaks open the piggy bank, he is shocked to see that he only has collected a total of 10 coins till now but these aren't ordinary coins as they glitter and sparkle of something more than just a coin but at the same time, they have the exact look of a coin which could be spent to make a purchase.\nNow, you join John as he spends those coins in the world but you have to be careful while spending each coin as the person you'll be giving that coin also becomes a character of the game which you can switch to and join his life. John always wanted to create an empire of his own and these 10 coins might just help in recruiting the best talents for his initial setup of his empire. John can learn craftsmanship as a plumber or a builder or a programmer or a labor, heck he can also learn to fly a spaceship providing he spends the coin wisely. \nYou control each characters by switching between them but you also have to bear in mind that those characters has to have enough money with them so that they don't spend the special coin in meeting their needs else your control over that character shifts to the character the coin is passed on. As the hierarchy of a single coin being transferred from one character to another increases, the speciality or rather, the special strength of that coin tends to decrease which could result in making the coin any ordinary one.\nAs John, you have to take proper utilization of each coin in getting your jobs done and in creating your own empire.\n\n**Key features**\n\n-You are in control of your actions until you create an army.\n\n-You play as different craftsmen and build whats necessary.\n\n-AI is not as efficient as you think. It can spend the whole money they have on a pair of sneakers or an EDM concert.\n\n-You follow along the daily life of each character and learn to spend wisely.\n\n\n**Will edit and write the whole concept document if this mini-concept gets good response.**"
63yd5h,Cop Game Idea ~ AAA or Dream,"I want a cop game that you make your character, you get a job as a cop, you get a cop car, and then after that it's all open world, and no story. Just random events that come through the radio, or police station. They could have as many police situations as possible (drunk driving, speeding, gang activity, shootout, drug activity, streaking, etc.) You could level up, and get certain ranks, and sometimes have to choose ranks. For example, you might be offered to become a State Trooper, or become Police Commissioner, the Police Commissioner doesn't have much work, but State Trooper has a TON of work (because in real life a lot of Police Commissioner do a lot more paperwork, than field work) Also you might have to try out for some promotions, like becoming a detective, and you have to have a certain amount of arrest, etc. They could also make it where you start off in an apartment, and as time goes on you can buy better places, they could add a hunger, thirst, bathroom, and sleep meter. You have days off where you can drive around and hang out with friends you can make in the game. Also it's like Skyrim or Fallout where there are the same characters you can talk to in every single game you start, and some are programmed to be criminals, some are programmed to not be, and there is dialogue for EVERYONE. You can become friends with random characters, can be hated by some, make your character fall in love with a guy/girl. Also you can choose to be a dick cop, or a nice cop. You can ticket everyone that you pull over, or let some off. You can bond with criminals, and they will be nicer to you when arresting them, or ticketing them, and some will stop. Some might die and you have to go to the funeral. At the same time though, there would be a lot of characters that there are no real dialogue with that you never see again. Like you arrest them and they go to jail for the rest of the game, or you get in a shoot out and kill them. Also you have to go back to the police station every so often to do paperwork (which would just make time go by your stats go down) You also would be able to workout, eat a diet, and be really healthy, and your character will get really buff. Or you can be lazy, eat junk food, and your character will get real fat. Also you have to pay rent, buy food (fast food, bars, resturants, and/or food to cook at home), buy gas, buy a car (non police) or taxi fares, clothing that you have to change, etc. "
63pow1,A 2d game like ultimate frisbee,"•	Name\n\n2d Ultiate\n\n•	Concept Overview\n\nSo the idea is basically ultimate frisbee mixed with indoor soccer but 2d and with balls/dots instead of players.\nThe plot of your game. Be as detailed as you want.\n\n•	Setting\n\nOn a rectangular field, two end zones (30 by 70 yards IRL)\n\n•	Characters/Abilities\n\nTotally balanced, everyone is the same\n\n•	Gameplay Mechanics\n\nInstead of a frisbee there is a ball that you throw, directing the angle with your mouse, the ball has a set speed as do the players. There would be an 'out of bounds' where players would not be able to go, and the ball would be 'turned' if it broke this plane. \n\n•	Standout Features\n\nA fast paced, fun, team oriented, strategic game\n\n•	Possible Platforms\n\nPC\n\n•	Extra Features\n\nProbably texture packs? Not really sure\n\n•	How To Credit You\n\nI just want to be able to play it\n\n"
63oym1,Need an idea for a simple coffeebreak roguelike for a school project.,"I've played some games that our teachers recommended, including obviously Hoplite, and that's the one I liked the most. A puzzle-type roguelike with a relatively small hex grid (if we implement a hex grid we'll get a better grade).\n\nI just can't seem to find a set of rules that is at least original, much less fun, and that's why I'm asking for suggestions here.\n\nFeel free to deviate from my request with a more complex game or with a different style, I'm mostly just looking for ideas for mechanics here. Thanks in advance!"
63ocx9,A game where the developers created a very dumbed down version of a 3D modeling program as the character creation screen. That way you can mold the head and add textures so you could conceivably create any race you wanted.,[deleted]
63o977,Attack on Titan: Rogue (Esports version),"So this is basically another shot at an Attack on Titan game. Only this time it should be first person perspective and mainly be an online experience much like a MOBA. One team of Titans fights against the other team of Yaeger. (I’ll just call them that for now)\n\nPlayers do join games alone but play in teams. This is because one player of each team will be assigned the rogue status. He wins by killing his team members and the enemy rogue. \nTo those mind games we add a “no class” system. This means there are, much like in Darkest Dungeon, quirks that are randomly generated after the game starts. Not only will this lead to a new gaming experience each game but there will also be fun situations like: \n\n(As a Titan)    Oh, I am abnormal. Guess I’ll just run on Four legs and start random attack channels the player has to control.\n                      I am cold. My skin is hard but I can’t regenerate.	\n                      Do I kill this one or swallow him to keep him alive? Maybe he is my teammate. I can’t quite tell.\n                      Do I eat this guy? Maybe he has Titanblood and will make my stomach explode. \n\n(As a Yaeger) Shit, I shouldn’t take baths in full gear: Left grapple hook is dull and most of the swords are rusty. \n		      Oh wow, I forgot to fill up my gas this morning.\n		      I hate being shortsighted!\n                      (On taking too much fall damage): Ouch, my ankle again. I can’t run like this, ouch uh ah.}\n\nAll of this adds to the need of standing against all odds to survive. To the controls: I think we all know what a good 3d-Gear System for the Yaeger looks like: Aiming to target location with right joystick. Then shoot one of your grapple hooks(LB/RB) and use gas(LT/RT) to reel yourself to that location. To not fly against walls, the left stick will be used to lean to target direction before going off. \n\nThis is where a massive amount of fun will come from. We humans don’t really care how complex a system is, as long as it’s intuitive. Adding a spinning effect on every movement, shots, attacks, grapple hooks coming out and back. No matter how difficult the system may be programmed: We can actually learn all of it pretty fast using our intuition.\n\nSame goes for the Titan movement. I suggest channeling attacks, starting where the limb is positioned. The player can then aim, again with right joystick, where the punch (LB/RB) or kick (LT/RT) will go. Obviously camera movement has to be locked to a certain speed to ensure the Titan changes the direction of the attack slow enough. Otherwise there will be no opening for the Yaeger to engage. \n\nTo make this concept more complex the player will be forced to manage weight and momentum by leaning, again with the left joystick, to target direction. Falling over as a Titan doesn’t really hurt and is realistic, considering they have just been born into this life of being a Titan. \n\nOkay so obviously there will be some teamplay and betrayal action going on and the Yaeger will communicate with distorted voices and shoot with flairs and some have real guns to blind Titans etc. \nBut this should basically be the perfect Esports and I don’t see why no one is working on that. \nOf course destructible terrain (we need that so its perfect, right) and the physics might be hard to program but I think AoT deserves to be invested in. Due to the hype the first game sold well even though it was quite boring to me. \n\nI am currently working on a paper showing off this concept in a more detailed manner. Anyone whos interested plz write in the comments ;)\n"
63nzny,Your typical GTA-based idea,I have the idea of doing a GTA-based game where you play as a GTA dude doing GTA stuff on a GTA world. How would be called?
63nzlm,So everyone owns a village...,"The game allows you to take over other players' villages to create large kingdoms consisting of multiple players and one ""king"" player. Maybe power-ups and weapons could be included."
63nbmb,MMORPG where you can control your character with a language like Python,[deleted]
63mgf9,3rd person gta style sandbox game focused specifically on cars and driving jobs and criminal felonys,"\nI was a huge fan of the driver games on ps1 and GTA 3, those two games are my inspiration for this game plus films like Drive and Heat. GTA the series has lost its way in my opinion trying to focus on too much at once with ridiculous storyline arqs and all the online crap with pay walls/microtransactions. I want a game that goes back to basics (not bothered about multiplayer) where there is no big storyline or cutscenes your character instead works as a sort of freelance criminal for hire doing driving jobs(drug delivery, street races, getaway driver) also on foot jobs (hitman jobs, robberies, drug dealing). In this game I would love to have an extensive range of real world cars similar to selections you get it in need for speed or grand turismo and a proper car modification system. If anyone likes this please add your ideas in below I would really appreciate it thanks \n"
63mcog,Lore-Focused Rogue-Lite RPG (Feedback Needed!),
63jrkd,ARPG Diablo style - mechanics,There's been many ideas posted here about recreating a Diablo or Torchlight or path of exile styled game by mostly just changing the lore or art style.\n\nWhat I would like to see is some new mechanics and interesting features that could be added to a game like that.\n\nCommon:\nRifts: rng loot farming.\nGreater rifts: competitive loot farming.\nProcedural maps/dungeon locations.\nEnvironmental hazards.\nSpecific classes.\n\nBut what's new and exciting that can be added to these games?\n\n
65qdck,Super hero game with dark souls mechanics,"Something like a combination of the One Punch Man world and the Dark Souls mechanics. So you could make your hero and fight heroes and villains. They can be distinguished from hero and villain by factions and can invade your world or city.\n\nI only really thought about this because I thought it'd be cool to fight the final boss to the song ""I need a hero"". Thought it was just a fun idea to think about. "
65p285,Searching for assistance to my game,"I know a fair amount of scripting. However i need someone to help me with map design, textures and sounds. I'm not completely sure on what kind of project id like to start but i do have scripts ready. If someone want to participate in a game please leave either skype, discord, steam name below"
65op8f,Dark souls invasions on Fps,"I love dark souls and its invasion system a lot. Why not on Fps singleplayer campaign?  \nImagine you are in stalingrad. And suddenly some text says ""A worthy sniper joined in enemy lines"". WOW. \nWhy not? \n\nMaybe machinegun or rpg user too. Or completely free choice\n\nWhat do you think of that? "
65ojbl,An offensive political game where you play as a Trump supporter and upgrade your character into the White House,"So, the idea is that you face various political 'enemies' of the US. For example:\n\nWorld 1 - Mexico/South America\nFinal Boss: Pablo Escobar\n\nWorld 2 - China\nFinal Boss: Li Keqiang\n\nWorld 3 - Middle East\nFinal Boss: Abu Baghdadi\n\nWorld 4 - Russia\nFinal Boss: Vladimir Putin\n\nWorld 5 - North Korea\nFinal Boss: Kim-Jong-Un\n\nWorld 6 - The UK\nFinal Boss: Boris Johnson (or someone like that\n\nWorld 7 - The Democrats of the US\nFinal Boss: Hillary Clinton\n\nBasically. you go through about 15 to 20 levels per world, facing a different aspect of the culture, and occasionally battling mini-bosses along the way.\nThe game's name is either: \n*Storm the White House* or \n*Political Warfare*"
65mbix,A detective game where you play the villain.,"I was thinking a game similar in style to professor layton/Hotel dusk: room 215\n\nThe concept is that you play a different suspect in each crime/chapter. You will be given a motive, a summary of who your character is, and a target, then you will have to perform the crime, and cover it up (you have a few different options on how to do either). After this, the police will arrive and round up suspects - including you. \nYour next tast would be to learn about the other suspects in the case, and the evidence the police have. You have varying options on how to make sure you don't get caught, such as planting false evidence/removing real evidence before the police arrive, lying in statements, framing someone else, social engineering (getting other suspects/investigators to believe it's someone else), and so on.\n\nYou lose the chapter by being caught, and win by escaping conviction. \n\nI don't really have much else, so what do you guys think? I love the mystery/detective genre, and thought this may be a unique spin on it."
65lhoq,A very depressing game about a nuclear apocalypse (very original i know),"I know it doesn't sound original, but hear me out. I had an idea about a guy who survives a nuclear apocalypse (not through some shelter but just by not being in the immediate death zone). After the apocalypse, a nuclear winter ensues. The whole point of the game is to battle mutations, animals, and (though uncommon) other surviving humans as well as the nuclear winter itself. For story the idea would be, though rather depressing, the goal would be to find a gun so you can commit suicide. My idea is that unlike games such as fallout and stalker, there would be very few animals and humans. Generally it would just be the elements, and the idea is guns are pretty much nonexistent. You'd have to rely on melee weapons and rad meds to protect against dangerous radiation and mutations causing you to grow, like arms or something. Basically fighting against your own mutating body as well as the elements just to kill yourself. There you go, you are now depressed."
65klfl,Ideas for Game Similar to Clustertruck?,"I've really grown fond over Clustertruck and the whole idea of the gameplay. I love the low poly art style as well. Since I've came across it, I've been dying to create something like it, but I'm having trouble thinking of ideas for a game that's similar. Does anyone have ideas that they'd like to see created that's similar to Clustertruck? I would love to hear them! Thanks!"
65jw44,Randomly generated games,"A software tool that generates games based on two hand-made lists: objects and game mechanics. \n\nObjects are defined by filling cells in object-mechanic matrix. Each ""cell"" contains code that describes what should be done when both this object and this mechanic exist in the game.\n\nExample:\n\n - Objects: sword, stick, medkit\n\n - Mechanics: gravity, attacking, healing, knockback\n\nMatrix: \n\n                  | Gravity      | Attacking                              | Healing         | Knockback (requires Attacking)\n:------------|:-----------|:-------------------------------|:-------------|:-----------------------\n**Sword**         | mass = 20 | damage = 5, type = ""melee""   |                    | knockback = damage\n**Syringe gun** | mass = 12 | damage = 2, type = ""ranged"" | healing = 1   | knockback = 0\n**Medkit**         | mass = 8   |                                           | healing = 4    |\n\nBasically it's an Entity-Component-System pattern where objects are Entity templates, game mechanics are Systems, and matrix cells are Components.\n\nAfter processing the hand-made matrix, this tool selects a random subset of each list (taking into account dependencies) and uses only them to control what's going on in the game. This could produce completely different games, provided there are enough systems in place."
65jo7l,A psychology game where you use psychological programming to program your virtual pet's brain and personality,"So, the idea of the game is simple. You pick a pet: Either a dog or a cat, or whatever, and you use Pavlov style methods to construct your pet's personality. You get more points for making your pet more good-natured, as I don't want to make people sadistic. You could hypothetically make your pet a total psychopath. A shop mechanic could offer different items, such as Pavlov's Bell or Little Albert.\n\nThe name of the game is PsychoPets. \n"
65ird2,Super powers,"A game where you can choose your age, your super power, and the city you live in(cities probably mainly based in America or made up cities) and choose what house you want with your starter budget, sought of like the sims but it can be third person and has quests and you can grow up either being on the good side or the bad side of the super powered community, and over the years your character grows in age and with a training system you can get stronger and better with the use of your powers. Having schools where you can harness and make your power grow can be a common thing in each city."
65hwfg,Kingdom Courts! A basketball rpg,"Have you guys ever heard of Kingdom Hearts?  My idea for a game is ""Kingdom Courts"".  It's basically a crossover between Disney, Square Enix and the NBA.\n\nThe Story Is King Lebron James sends out a distress call throughout all the kingdoms and universes that heroes are needed for trials and testing to defeat a baller who has stolen the powers of many other great and powerful ballers.\n\nThis would reach famous NBA players, heroes in the Final Fantasy universes, Disney Worlds, the cast of Kingdom Hearts, Marvel, and Pixar films to form five man teams to try out for these trials and basketball matches.\n\nThe gameplay would be like Kingdom Hearts except attacks are replaced with sick handles, crossovers, behind the back passes to other team mates and of course big dunks, Alley Oops, and even layups as well as custom moves for the different characters.\n\nI'll fill in the rest as I sober up but the major challenges in getting this game made are going to be pitching and getting licenses from Disney, Square Enix, and the NBA.  Also making an action rpg/basketball hybrid, cutscenes, voice acting, motion capture(How would Dark Phoenix use her psychic powers for crossovers and massive slams and how would that look different than a jedi?  How would we balance that against say Spiderman?).  If someone can take care of those things I have plenty of ideas for the plot and stages/courts."
65h5sy,"A multiplayer FPS golfing title, scored as golf rather than anything related to killing","So basically you have a group of players acting simultaneously on a golf course. Everyone has the same goal - to get their ball from the tee into the hole in the fewest possible strokes.\n\nComplexity occurs in that the ball moves slowly enough that people can shoot it as it's in the air, affecting its trajectory. A skilled player might, solo, be able to deflect the ball with bullets well enough to get a hole-in-one on every hole, but other players can also affect it, and they can of course also shoot the other players (who respawn after some timer).\n\nKilling other players would provide no intrinsic benefit towards winning the game, other than that when dead they are unable to make it harder for you to golf."
65h3tz,A mmorpg about Prison.,"First off, the only NPCs this game would have are the wardens, guards, and snipers in lookout towers in some prisons. This game is purely just GTA but only online and in prison. You can either choose to live out your sentence easily and be a law-abiding prisoner, or the complete opposite (which everyone will choose) in which you join a gang, get in a lot of trouble, possibly die, and mug people. The key features to this game would be the realistic prison guard NPCs and 24/7 servers (also, when you sleep your account is disabled until 3 AM game time which is around 6 PM Eastern time). As the prisoner your goal is to get the fuck outta prison, meanwhile, you can still meet other prisoners, make enemies, make friends, join gangs, get ripped, do drugs, get sent to 'The Hole', buy items from commissary, do your job, and obviously, serve your sentence. Visitation is also a thing that occurs but in very large gaps in time. Also, if you commit another crime that is serious enough, you will be sent to a max security prison. By the way, don't die, or you will be forced to make a new character and start all over again, even if you're on the last day of your sentence. If you serve your full sentence you can choose to start over, begin again in Max security, or be a guard (only available to first 200 people who serve their sentence). "
65gv6v,The Road MMO,"Description:\nAn MMO where the entire world is one single infinitely generated road that the players have to travel down, with the goal of setting personal records for getting the farthest.  It would have monsters and puzzles along the road but at its base it would be a survival game where you need to venture off the road to gather supplies for food/shelter/equipment/ect. However the further you venture off the more dangerous it becomes to the point of certain death.  The road also gets more challenging the farther you go down it and is especially difficult if you have not been continuously upgrading your gear/character along the way.  \n\nThe road travels through numerous landscapes like natural deserts/arctics/forests/caves, but also rarely through some strange ones as well like through space/ underwater/dream worlds.  There are also naturally occurring challenges like climbing a rock face where one wrong step will cause you to fall to your death, or having to make your way through a castles labyrinth full of monsters with a boss at the end.\n\nResources:\nThe player finds different kinds of resources based on where they are.  Resources regenerate over time and sometimes an area will be picked completely clean by others, so the decision if you should stop to look vs if you continue on, could be the difference between life and death.\n\nMultiplayer:\nAs for the multiplayer aspect of the game, pvp is always on meaning that the beginning sections of the road will pretty much be bloodbaths, it will take quite a bit of time and tries to get clear of it.  Players never get any weapons more than melee so it is difficult to be killed by a single person on the road, however there could be a group of people hiding in the bushes along the way waiting to ambush you for your gear.  \n\nTraveling in numbers can be a good thing but you have to be careful with who you can trust because you can easily be stabbing in the back while sleeping for the night. Perhaps someone in your group could not collect enough food for themselves and the food you collected is not enough for the two of you so he decides its either you or him who has to die.  Maybe someone was pretending to be your friend just until the point where you are not useful to them anymore or maybe their whole plan was to just take all your stuff and leave in the middle of the night.\n\nWhen a player dies their gear lies on the ground for a certain amount of time for another lucky player to stumble upon.\n\nProfessions/Classes:\nPlayers can choose different professions that they can be at the start of the game.  A few examples: doctor, cook, armor smith, weapon smith, engineer, resource tracker, hunter.  Having professions makes you useful to other players, so they might think twice about just going full pvp mode on you if you happen to be able to cure the disease they have or maybe you have knowlege in explosives that can open up a shortcut in the road.\n\nForks: \nSometimes the road forks into different roads,  these roads go for a relatively short distance before converging into the same road again.  Sometimes a forked road will be a dead end meaning you have to backtrack, or it will have no/few naturally occurring resources. \n\nHousing:\nSomeone can decide they have gone far enough in the game and decide to build a house.  Houses allow you to build things that make it very easy to survive in that spot even in sparse resource conditions. You can invite passing travelers in for some food or rest, but again you have to be careful.  If someone somehow finds your house, it can be broken into and robbed and even destroyed entirely.  \n\nMultiple players can decide to build small towns and settlements with shops and houses that they can live in and and that travelers can trade/sleep at.  Town founders are in charge or creating their own laws and are in charge of policing their towns.  For example they can charge a fee for entry into the town or require all weapons cannot be be out in town.  They can even simply put a player in their prison or to death just because they don't like them, but that is the risk you take when choosing to enter someones town.  Towns never block the road and players can always choose to avoid them if they don't like the look of the town. \n\n\nLastly even though the road is infinite and randomly generated(triggered by the person that has gone the farthest) the map will be reset every month to avoid online guides warning people about what is ahead."
65dfzx,THE NEXT BIG OPEN WORLD GAME ( PS4 IQ recommended),"Avatar the last Airbender, emagen the posabillats you would have to remake this tv show into a open world game,\nthere's just soooo mutch potential and a endless line off posable travel, movement, defence, attacks, counterattacks, wiepons and actrally bending basically everything around you, could even control people bend building ect.\n\nMy point is, if there's someone out there looking to make the next BIG open world game, avatar has a lot off potential.\n\nNo bad comments please, I know my spelling is bad I just had to get that idea out there, you know "
65ceym,[Request]Help thinking of fast calculation in-game player appearences,[deleted]
65bdsx,FPS with superpowers.,"FPS with a PVP focus (Think COD or Battlefield.) and a long list of superpowers that you can equip to your character or load-out. One could turn you into a 2D shadow type thing on the wall ([As such](http://i.imgur.com/UdZmEqp.gifv)), you are invulnerable and can slip between thin gaps, but you can't attack. Or a short distance teleport, which could be used to get behind an entrenched enemy, or get out from being cornered. Also, as you earn XP you can buy better superpowers, but the trouble with the better powers is that there's technology that people can buy to counteract it. Invisibility would be a great ability for a sniper, but once someone puts on infrared goggles, you're no longer invisible. Super speed? Some kinda weird particle field that slows you down, like your running through jell-o. Any thoughts?"
65b1u4,Sports Island - A casual sports mmo simulator (AAA),"A chill version of all the crazy sports simulators like 2k, Fifa, and madden, but combined into one game.\n\nYou can create your character and set up his base stats like height and weight and his throwing/kicking arm/leg. and then you set up where he/she's from and whats his/hers name and then you start the game.\n \nSo basically you are put on this island with tons of Fields, courts, indoor facilities, and stadiums with other players. The island ranges from sports to Soccer, Football, Swimming, Rugby, Basketball, and many more that change throughout the week. Your overall changes in different, but sometimes similar sports, but you also have an overall in all sports too. some sports share the same stats like rugby and football etc. You get a better overall by playing more sports, or if you want to master one sport and get a higher for example baseball overall, you can do that and become very skilled in it and continue to compete in it and games similar to it.\n\nYou compete with what ever rules the game you play state, and that game match makes you with players near your rating. you then play which ever game that is and you get small amounts of currency doing it.\n\nYou can't play on all the fields though, some require invite from scouts and or if you have enough of a rating. Then you can play in big stadiums and get more currency and many bonuses.\n\nyour currency can allow you to buy clothes and equipment for each sport. \n\nThe island also has weightlifting set ups that help with strength, shops, and mini games that give you random boosts, all set up around the island that you can play if your bored aswell.\n\nThis idea of a open map of multiple sports seems fun because if you get bored of one you can just go to a new fun sport in a matter of seconds.\n"
659rhp,Stock market simulator that uses subreddits instead of companies,[deleted]
659m2v,An open-world Skyrim-esque RPG set in the Shrek universe,"So Shrek 5 is supposed to come out in 2019, so that got me thinking, ""Shrek would work really well in a Skyrim-ish game."" So, my idea is that the game takes place in the Shrek universe and you can choose to play as one of the many races from the movies (humans, ogres, etc.) Along the way, you encounter characters from the films as well as new characters as NPCs, who can give you quests. I don't have an idea for a main quest yet, but, if anyone has any ideas, I'd love to hear them."
658w8m,An eldritch abomination doing fetch quests in a remote village,"Fetch quests are both hard and boring, but you have awesome horrible powers that could make the job easier. Unfortunately they cover the land in blights, make villagers go mad, summon demons that run away and eat people after doing the job, etc.\n\nThe more power you use and the less careful you are, the more fun stuff happens, but also the more devastated the village is."
658ij1,A town simulator where subcultures are fighting and you're in the middle of it,"Citizens randomly ask you (and each other) if you belong to their subculture. If you say no and there are enough of those who belong around, they'll try to beat you up. If you say yes, they'll remember that and will tell others. If you don't participate in beating up someone else when they say they don't belong to the subculture in question, the members of the subculture will label you as a traitor and will attack you on sight whenever there's a big enough group around.\n\nIt's possible for any citizen to belong to any (or even all) subculture, but some subcultures automatically mark members of other subcultures as enemies and treat them the same as they treat traitors. Being a traitor to that enemy subculture doesn't stop them from beating you up either. If you want to be friends with two subcultures that are enemies, the only option is to never meet them both at the same time.\n\nWhat a wall of text, huh."
657my7,"A game about surviving in space as a subsistance-based manufacturer, where you make money in a war economy as a miner-manufacturer for an empire at war","**Name:** Can be determined at a future date\n\n**Concept Overview:**\n\nYou are a human living on a small mining platform in space, where you must mine and fabricate everything from raw ingots, all the way to complex manufactured machines, to sell in order to buy resources and upgrades, allowing you to become bigger, and more complex as time goes along.\n\nWhy are you doing this? Your faction is at war, and vitally needs all the parts you can manufacture, to help the war effort. As part of this, you have been granted a spot in a remote, resource-rich star system, in order to provide components and machines to aid in the war effort. \n\nOnce a week, a naval merchant ship comes along to provide you with the opportunity to buy much-needed food, water, fuel, oxygen, and parts that you cannot manufacture yourself, to upgrade your base and survive in the long term. What the merchant doesn't have in his ship at the current time, you can order for the next run, at a higher cost. \n\nI wouldn't suggest making the whole thing voxel-based, as the constant building of new ships, etc, would become tedious. I would, instead, suggest making the parts, the ships, the equipment, and the base work on pre-designed patterns that the developers have created. The parts I would suggest to be voxel-based would be the asteroids, to give the players the freedom to mine how they wish. \n\nYou could run the economy of the game in a global sense, where the merchant who buys the items available works on a pricing system that is dictated by how the war is progressing, and buys from the player at a certain price, and sells it back to the empire the player is working for, at a higher cost. Over time, you could see the little merchant you were working with, who flew a single, medium sized starship, grow into a large-scale merchant fleet, with money to match. The merchant could also bring lucrative contract opportunities, where the player provides a certain amount of a specific item, and will be rewarded with a greater reward than the parts alone would provide. \n\nEssentially, it's a war economy, where the people who play it smart, can make huge profits. \n\n**Plot:**\n\nYou could have a large story arc, where you play a small part in the manufacture of materials, parts, and machines for one of several empires who are locked in intergalactic war. The player can choose one of several factions to join, and how the faction is doing, in real time, determines the demands and requirements placed upon the player to provide componants and machines for the war effort. \n\n**Setting:**\n\nThe player would be mining in a semi-procedureally generated star system.\n\n**Characters:**\n\nThe player would have complex requirements – food, oxygen, water, and fuel would need to be accounted for, and if they do not purchase enough to survive in the short term, they may find themselves running at less than optimal efficiency, or even dying because of their lack of foresight. \n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n\nThe player would start with basic mining equipment. Their first few weeks would be hard going, as they could only mine 40-50kg of material at a time, but as they grow in wealth and technological capacity, they could start to find themselves building whole ships dedicated to mining and processing mineral ore into useful parts to sell, or to use themselves. \n\nTo start with, the things that they could make would be fairly limited – iron structural fittings, and basic armour. Then, as they progress, they can build more complex (and expensive!) things like ablative ship armour, and basic circuits. This would progress all the way to massive weapons, ship drives, and thrusters – eventually building small and medium sized ships and vessels. \n\nThe player would be able to buy manufacturing patterns to build more and more complex things as time progresses. I am envisioning a centre on the platform where they can choose the pattern they wish to construct, and the centre will automatically begin constructing it – providing that they have the materials. \n\nEach time a merchant comes along, the player would recieve news of the war, and how it's progressing, and also be updated with news of what is needed in the war effort, giving players clues to what things are going to become premium items the next week. \n\n**Standout Features:**\n\nThis game, in essence, gives space simulation and exploration simulation gamers what they have been hungering for, for many, many years – a game where you can be independant, yet a game where you can also make money and contribute to a plotline. \n\n**Possible Platforms:**\n\nMostly for the PC, but it could work for consoles, as well. \n\n**Extra Features:**\n\nThere is a huge opportunity with this game to allow players who like modding, to potentially have their own creations put into the game. \n\n**How To Credit Me:**\n\nI would love to be mentioned in the credits, and a copy of the game would be nice, too. "
656etk,In Aeterna. a learning AI that will overcome us all.,"Game revolves around one fighter who is an AI, Aeon, designed and made to learn to fight you and improve each time you fight it. It may be weak and stupid at first but it will learn about you more and more.\nIf this is becoming a real game, Aeon will learn and collect data not from the single player but if it is connected to the internet via ps4, xbox or pc it will learn from every user it has encounter and learn the pattern or strategy to deal with everyone.\n\nYou can pick a fighter, customize him however you like in Darksoul or bloodborne fashion and pick a weapon then go fight Aeon. If you are connected online with the legal copy and you didnt play the game for a day or two you might come back to find that Aeon is not the same, he got some new equipment, perhaps he learned a new strategy, he might become even too tough for you to beat.\n\nThen dive into multiplayer mode where you and your friends or a group of random people ranging from 1 to 9 players take on Aeon... now he might be overwhelmed but he will learn. He will die and come back in this limbo of war, each time stronger than ever. Then when he finally became war master, he gets reset, we check the score from how many days, how many wins, how many lose, how many fights. Then it all starts again."
6556c3,Infinite MMO Snakes &amp; Ladders,"Snakes and Ladders, but the map is infinite in both directions, and there's a leaderboard instead of the finish square. \n\nYou can also walk in both directions (but the distance is still d6), and instead of turns you can make five moves every five minutes. "
652qp3,SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST/MEANEST/SMARTEST,"You are 1 of 4 randomly chosen players, abdtuced by an unknown entity.\n\nYour group is drugged and unconscious and they all awake on the roof of a multi-story building.\n\nThe objective of the game is to make it to the basement carpark alive and claim some kind of reward.\n\nOnly 1 player can reach the objective (alive) - but - you cannot ""directly"" kill another player, to prevent them from winning.  You can however kill them indirectly - for example, somehow trick them into standing on unsafe ground and falling to their death, or locking them in a room so they can't get out and beat you to the prize, or trick them into walking into one of many boobie-traps which you can arm (if you find one and figure out how to activate it and avoid tripping it yourself)\n\nDuring the trek down to the car park, the players will encounter several puzzles and hazards that they need to overcome to continue - eg. Each ""floor"" of the building has one puzzle to solve and perhaps multiple hazards to bypass to gain access to the next floor down.\n\nIn a way, it's a little like Hunger Games, where there can only be 1 winner (survivor).\n\nThe ""game"" would consist of several buildings in various configurations, but the idea remains the same - get to the basement before anyone else to claim the prize.  The variations in the buildings, puzzles and hazzards all go to make the game as variable as possible without there being any advantage given to anyone who's played it before.  So the puzzles/hazzards would need to be random in nature.\n\nThis is just a very rough draft without too much thought having gone into all aspects of the idea, but I hope it's clear enough to paint a reasonable picture of what was buzzing around in my mind on this one."
651n8r,online mmorpgmoba repeated for i think obvious reasons sorry if its spam,"OK, just to get some talk going or interest points. I want to call it spell book : sleeping giants. expansion spell book : awakened gods. similar play style to WoW while having the screen dimensions of diablo or league of legends for character view. if you ever played morrowind or im guesing skyrim or their other games had similar feature you could make your own spells thats basicly the concept of this game i already have like 300+ spells made where you get to throw together 8 magic types together and have 8 styles of attacks to use them with you drag down to box at the spell book guy in major cities to create your spells and its going to be chaos in a nutshell. But there are no classes you get to design your character play as you want and its really going to be for people with to much free time and who doenst have that when you think about it or pro players. you will still need a tank healer range / melee dps units in your groups for dungeons and once you hit 30 for the first expansion a new storyline starts where you can be specific with what you want and join with a small spoil alert either the island of dragons to upgrade magic abilities . aristocrats::: which i will not tell::: pirates ::: crusders:::: you can only pick one though and each have their rewards its a very vast game and am looking for people who want to start the next big thing. You can begin rank matches for pvp for different reasons. it will be based on pvp primarily. think of naruto you never know which ninja your going to fight and you have to learn on the spot. concept maps and cities have been made i have some screen drawings and city concept art out. stats for armor and have been working on professions such as armor making and other things engineering is one. the whole point is to make YOUR character who do you want to be in this world."
650dz9,"1, 2 Switch as a gameplay-idea delivery device","Sooo a friend of mine recently let another friend and me try 1,2 Switch on his new Nintendo Switch. I am a simpleminded programming/game development student, and through my most recent experiences with Unity and Android, something suddenly hit me really hard: Most of the switch's controls could be realized using smartphone sensors etc. I'd previously worked with the gyro, the accelerometer, etc etc and noticed that some of those 1, 2 SWitch games might actually give birth to potential mobile games. So if you plan on developing a mobile game, don't be afraid to try out new things especially concerning controls, as the possibilities are endless."
64yw57,A base building total war type game,"Something ive always felt RTS and total war type games lacked is the ability to build a castle/fortress/city.\n\nPlaces like minas tirith and helms deep are the types of defences that ive yet to see a game allow us to create.\n\nSome games have given us certain in roads towards it but nothing of any depth. You can build walls in age of empires and i seem to remember stronghold adding a bit more to it, but there isnt a game out there with the ability to truly sculpt a castle or city that will then be attacked.\n(Medieval engineers but thats not an RTS)\n\nId love a total war type game, where you start of with a small plot, and have to work on the town, similar to age of empires but with far more depth, and be able to be creative with walls and defences. I wouldn't want it to be on one map. Id prefer total wars approach where when you attack a town, it only loads a map with that town on it (as opposed to rts where all teams share a map)"
64ysdw,"Super-Bad - A Comical and Simplistic open world, fighting and building game","Super-Bad is an idea I got a while ago, when I started playing some Minecraft mods and thinking that if I was actually smart what stuff I could make. And I thought of an idea where you could build a supervillain base, find and collect minions and villains all over the world, make weapons, gadgets and machines to further your experience and then fight a load of people (which is great in every game).\n\nSuper-Bad is about a Super-Minion (The player) who serves the most evil supervillain in the world (Dr. Super-Bad) and is treated pretty poorly. But after an experiment goes wrong, everything blows up. Suddenly, Dr. Super-Bad is dead and so are all the other minions and the base. But you're a Super-Minion, and you can't die, so you are stranded somewhere in an isolated area.\n\nThe Player is a hovering Gargoyle type minion, like the ones from Clash Royale, and can slap people as basic attacks. They can fly around infinitely and can't die. But, you need to build an evil civilization, before the most powerful superhero, Tom, finds out that Dr. Super-Bad is dead, and destroys every evil guy ever or something.\n\nYou can find and recruit (by beating up, feeding and mildy torturing) villains and minions to help you fight and advance your base. You can find and create materials to make machines to make stuff to keep the cycle of advancing going, and finally, you can make weapons and stuff and search for a PVP game online against other players with a loadout of villains and minions. Minions have a passive and a primary attack. Villains have passives, 2 abilities and a primary attack that they can use.\n\nSo, yeah. That's basically the brief of it. I'm pretty sure its not that interesting but I really want to play a game where you can make a Supervillain base and create minions and kill stuff and all of those things.\n\n:^]"
64xr6m,More of a mod than a game I suppose,"I was thinking about how to make a game like DayZ more realistic in the sense that it's not just KoS, so I thought what if there was a way to implement the same mechanism as in the Division where they have the dark zone that is a pvp area and then other areas are more pve. Just a thought on increasing RP. "
64x2ar,"Quiz game for pc, With WorkShop option.","Just imagen a game like ""Who Wants to Be a Millionaire"" but any one can make quizzes for it like 'star trak quizzes' star wars, twilight....."
64v40h,[Request] Input on Engine/Art Style,"I have had an idea for a game for quite a while. In fact, I even posted it here sometime last year. My issue is that I have gotten to a point where I would really like to start actually developing but I'm running in circles on a couple areas... Art style, and engine.\n\nA brief rundown of the game:\n\nUnited States, 1865\nYou have moved out west to leave the aftermath of the Civil War behind, claim your own land, and live the rest of your life out in peace. The game would start as more of a survival game, simply gathering the resources you need. Soon another person with the same idea settles nearby. Before long the Transcontinental railroad is built nearby and a city begins to form around you. \n\nThe meat of this game is that it will be very open but with many of the games options being hidden from you. You can directly (and indirectly) influence the town as it is built. You could try to sabotage it to keep your peace, or maybe try to run it. \n\nThis is keeping the details slim but I have it documented and fleshed out quite well, including how to go about implementing and programming many of the features. My problem, as I said before, is choosing an engine/platform and art style.\n\nUnreal Engine 4 is my engine of choice for hobby use but I would struggle developing this game in 3d by myself. I used to use GameMaker for quite some time and still say relatively familiar with it. The pixel 2d option was my initial idea, similar to Stardew Valley, something I could do myself but would likely need plenty of help with the art, I'm not the best pixel artist. I've also recently considered simply making this into more of an interactive story. Something along the lines of 60 Seconds! I know that this would be the most feasible for myself.\n\nThanks everyone!"
64uoo1,Ultra-realistic medieval MMORPG with organic player diplomacy and economies,"* Permadeath \n\nYou don't buy the game, you buy character slots.\nIf your character died you would have to buy a new one. There is a 24h period after you die where you cannot respawn.\n\n* No health bars\n\nInstead of health bars you'd have wounds,injuries and conditions, like a ""deep cut on right forearm"", ""fractured femur"", ""severed finger"" or ""major concussion"" or even ""minor burns on torso"". Each wound would affect you in different ways, like a concussion would make your screen blurry and affect your balance, and major chest cut would give you major bleeding meaning you would die quickly if left untreated and a broken bone in your leg would cause you to limp. \n\n* Buffed Armor\n\nIf someone slashed you with a sword and you were wearing chainmail, you might get a small bruise but overall you wouldn't take any major damage if you were wearing a gambeson underneath. Whereas if you weren't wearing anything and got slashed, you'd probably die instantly or die very soon after due to bleeding. When a hit strikes, first the game calculates the force done based on angle of attack and angle of armor, then the type of armor it hits, which has different force thresholds, then type of damage it inflicts based on if there is penetration or not(blunt, slashing, piercing, chopping, puncturing etc.) and then what wounds it would inflict.\n\n* Realistic Healing\n\nWounds would ideally take a very long time to heal and you wouldn't be able to just eat some food and then all of a sudden you are good to go. You'd need rest, proper treatment and time.\n\n* Crafting times/methods\n\nA full set of chainmail armor would take a single skilled blacksmith, maybe about 24 in-game hours to make. He would have to go through the process of making wire, creating rings, connecting rings and riveting as well. The gambson underneath would take a tailor half that time. That time does not include acquisition of resources.\n\n* sleep system\n\nyou would need to sleep a certain amount of time to avoid fatigue, depending on your endurance. would also prevent ultra-hardcore gamers from steam rolling people who only play a little of the time.\n\nFrom my experience, the primary issue on why this type of gaming isn't implemented is because in games, especially ones that have a pvp feature, everyone suddenly becomes a murderous psychopath. My counter to this is, population is key to success. Many free-mmorpgs have this particular set of interactions. Small group of hardcore and experienced players get to mid-tier, then steam roll everyone else before they get to mid-tier. They then dominate the server till they become lax in their work and someone else takes over. In my model, it is physically not possible for a small group (4-5 people) to accomplish anything other than being a small tribe level. Thus to even get to a stage where you have enough free time to engage in war, your community would be large enough that you don't know everyone in your village/county. Once people start getting comfortable with the idea of strangers and respecting a strangers rights, the idea of pvp kos dies with it. \n\nAnother major factor is the idea that materials are worth more than your life, and so you are willing to risk your life for material gain. This is contrary to real life for example as you are not going to risk your life for some items because you know you will not ""respawn"". The root of this issue is not that lives are worthless in re-spawning games, but that there is no way to effectively ""punish"" a player. For example, execution, which is probably the harshest punishment in real life, has pretty much no consequence in a game. Imprisonment doesn't work either as players can suicide, respawn, log off or stop playing. To stop unlawful behaviour there needs to be a reason not to engage in it. A reason with lasting consequences. My hope is that permadeath as well as a buying character system would help solve this issue. Knowing your money is on the line would prevent you from engaging in behaviour that would cause you to be killed.\n\nNot only that, but herd safety and our natural sense of justice is another idea that kicks in. When a majority of people accept this idea, when one person breaks it, they will likely be ousted and executed. If someone decides to go kill someone for no reason, the ruling party and probably everyone else will immediately see them as a threat to their safety and execute them. Another idea is that any successful group must have some form of security in order to survive. Militia, police, guards.\n\nKey points, \nany mechanics that can be based on player skill, would be. For example, diplomacy and charisma would not be a trait, but rather the players ability to talk and communicate to other people. Trade and things would all be player-based. My hope is that the game only lays the physics of the world, and everything else is organically developed by player interactions.\n\nYou cannot progress without teamwork. Player wishing to play in singularly or in small groups would fail. A village NEEDS at least 30 or 40 people to even get to mid-tier and properly have a sustainable food source. Ultimately, it is these groups that survive as they will find out the putting your trust in strangers and in turn respecting their trust is the only way to achieve success.\n\nWhat do you guys think? I might develop a game like this in the future."
64ugkf,"Making a 2D browser game, need ideas",[deleted]
64ueej,"[REQUEST] Making a 2D browser game, need ideas",[deleted]
64tu6z,online mmorpgmoba,[deleted]
64sfhh,Beaver MMORPG,"I know that sounds kinda ridiculous at first glance. I don't mean some sort of anthropomorphized version of beavers, I mean a game actually mimicking real beaver life. Now, it wouldn't attempt be a perfect imitation of reality, but what I mean to say is differences from real beaver behaviour and lifestyle would be due to gameplay and not due to anthropomorphization in game mechanics or art style. That's not to say they wouldn't be expected to develop: I would fully expect and encourage people to have things like meeting places and building aesthetically and trading things and even maybe having wars - but they wouldn't be coded into the game mechanics.\n\nI believe there's enough different things to occupy the player's mind to keep the game interesting over an extended period of time. Building dams and lodges, collecting food, dealing with predators, claiming territories, raising and teaching kits, finding mates, exploring the geography and finding new places to build. \n\nI feel like the actual core of the game would be easy to implement, but that it would be easy to expand it in such a way that would make it a mess to program, depending on things like how complex the graphics, building system, predator AI, kit raising, intraspecific combat, bush and tree growth, terrain generation, or even potentially multi-generational genetics or such. But the reason I think this idea is worth suggesting is because I feel that even without any of those things (even simple Harvest Moon style graphics, predator conflicts being simple pre-coded events instead of complex AI with stealth or defense, a pre-made map, no genetics or differences between different beavers, extremely simple block-style freeform building or even no prebuilt buildings with little in way of customization, &amp;c.) it would still be a fun and worthwhile game to play, although probably more along the lines of a resource management game or maybe indefinite economic RTS instead of a MMORPG style thing. Though maybe it would need more of those sorts of complex things to be more fun to play single player, since I imagine most of the fun of the game would be multiplayer seeing what other people build and keeping territories and social relations and the like."
64opgv,[Request] What are your ideas for a detective game?,"I'm working on making some fun investigations for my passion project. The majority of it will be sort of point and click adventure style with some kind of interrogation systems and other nuances. However, I'm thinking straight dialogue choices like Fallout would be kinda dull with lots of dialogue trees. \n\nI was wondering if anybody has got any ideas of their own for how investigations could be played out. I'd like to hear some other people's thoughts on this."
66z75a,Ideas for a mobile game?,"I would like a new idea for a mobile game to create. I suck at this entire being creative part, hence why I ask you guys. I would just like ideas for a game that would be fun to play. Preferably without a super complicated control scheme"
66y5iq,Low poly style game idea request,"Hi everyone, im a beginner game developer with experience in unreal engine 4, but i have absolutely no imagination without inspiration so here i am.\n\nIm looking to make a low poly game for pc and would like some inspiration for a game that i could work on. Obviously nothing too ambitious but something that would be fun and interesting to make."
66xa5j,A point &amp; click about dating reality TV shows,[deleted]
66szwu,"""The Journey to the Temple""-A Third Person ""Oregon Trail"" Inspired RPG","Every once in a while I have this dream where I'm part of a group of travelers from the plains, and we all have the same goal of getting to ""The Temple.""\n\nIt's this massive, massive, massive structure where a ""great city"" exists.\n\nThe environment is like an ""Aladdin meets LOTR"" style if that makes sense, and the environments vary quite a bit (maybe they can be randomly generated to some extent?).\nYou start with a small view of the Temple (I imagine it being like a 3rd person view style), and as you progress, you really get a scope for how massive this structure is as it fills up more and more of the screen.\n\nAlong the way we meet up with other travelers who can join us, trade, etc. and we must make sure we have the supplies and our group is healthy enough to make it to the city.\nWho knows, there may be bandits too!\nThe story of the Temple varies, depending on who you talk to.\nSome say it is an evil place and to turn away; others would do  anything to get there.\nWho knows what will be there when you arrive?\n\n"
66sl72,Need ideas for when/where to set my games,[deleted]
66pb8n,?Space adventure game¿,"Basically a game that is focused around team building and exploration in a universe where humans are one of the first races to make the jump to interstellar travel. I think an isometric view with art that’s a mix of Risk of Rain and Eitr(cold, darker pixel art though bright colors for highlighting and alienating would also be super cool), though more alien.\nAdventure/Exploration, small amounts of combat, with an emphasis on talking and interacting with the newly discovered aliens.\nStory wise I think it would be good if your Team starts out with just the Player and an AI, that way they can build from there.\nIn summary the feeling is something close to FTL mixed with Mass Effect(basically the team building, if you had more of a choice rather than it being shoved down your throat), with pixel art.\n\nI wrote a much longer description but I felt it was a little to intrusive, though if people are interested I can still post the longer version. "
66msc5,The spiritual successor to The Movies,"If you don't know what The Movies was, it was essentially a simulation/tycoon game on the PC where you ran your own movie studio, created actors and actresses, and even designed your own movies with a large array of options. Especially if you had the game's sole expansion pack, Stunts and Effects. The game was a LOT of fun to play and there was plenty of chances for the player to apply their own creativity.\n\nUnfortunatley, the game is rarely talked about anymore....Especially ever since The Movies Online shut down in 2008 and Lionhead Studios officially shut down in 2016. I believe that this game was an unsung hero in the whole genre of simulation games....And if I had the money and the resources, I would design the spiritual successor to this game, but with a lot more modern features such as a fully-immersive star designer where you can fully edit your star's faces and bodies by clicking and dragging a-la The Sims 4's version of Create A Sim. "
66lg4b,Awoken of Slumber - TSA Video Game Design pitch,"Dear Subreddit,\n\nI have something I wish to show you. Yes, you r/gameideas, in all your glory. Read on if you are interested.\n\n- TSA Competition Idea -\n\nBefallen in coma. Lost in a dream. Awakening to the light. \n\nIn the hazy dim reaches of the dark forest, a cloaked figure rises. A witch tells him not to remove his cloak, for the memories it holds will release the most terrifying of truths, awakening him to reality, for the price of his life. Forgetting who he was in the past world, he seeks to find this truth by some other means. As he progresses, truths become clearer and clearer, the world blacker and grimmer, the dreams shifting to childhood nightmares, and a nostalgia boiling in his heart, yearning to be fullfilled...\n\nI am making a game for the TSA competition, atleast I hope so, I am still figuring things out.. My ideas tend to be very literary and wordy. I've never written anything more than a couple short stories, in my life. Yet I craft stories fairly well.\n\nThe state of this project depends on one thing; I'm looking for an Artist, I am a blossoming programmer and a lazy writer who doesn't write much (overall, an ironic combination), and have several leads for a musician. I am looking for a team still. But I am working hard.\n\nI felt I wanted to pitch the game idea here because this subreddit really seems to lack.. quite a few things.\n\nThe combat would be similar to a game like Hollow Knight. I don't imagine that is a large scope, it's really more indie standard in game terms, which means it is do-able. I've studied game mechanics, but I am still learning how to actually implement them. I have over a year till  the competition, and I am starting it now.\n\nAh, and just in case anyone is curious, here are my general sources of inspiration for all of my work, for those of you that want to become a little more creative;\n\n- Inspiration -\n\nArtists - Caitlin Hackette, Lauren Marx (These two are genuises!)\n\nWriters - H.P. Lovecraft, R.W. Chambers, (I wish I had more authors to read from, these two are great though) I'd probably also recommend anything along the lines of the Fantasique genre.\n\nGames - Child of Light (my mom loved this one, it is childish and creative in a good way), Dark Souls/Bloodborne (huge fan), Hyperlight Drifter, Shadow of the Colossus (one of the best games ever), The Last Guardian, ICO.\n\nGame Design Podcasts and relevant YouTubers - Extra Credits, Game Design Podcast, Matthew Palaje, Mark Brown, Super Bunnyhop, woodwwad, and definitely Tale Foundry. \n\nMovies - Pan's Labyrinth, American Fable (meh), Children who Chase Lost Voices, Spirited Away, Princess Mononoke, The Neverending Story/The Dark Crystal (I call them 'the uncanny twins'), and probably a few others.\n\nAlso.\n\nThat being said my fellow idea-enthusiasts, don't be afraid to totally break all the traditions and rules, when it comes to writing and thinking! The more people who think outside the box, the better art and literature can become. Even the average Joe can muster up something in their brains.\n\nSo the point implied by this post, is that anyone can be creative. Don't question my attempt to inspire you. Immerse in the inspiration. Bathe in it. Breath it. Dream it.\n\n\n\n\nYour's truly,\n\nT. A. Port,\nOld_Oeldwin \n\n\n\n\nsorry for the massive post admins pls don't ban me"
66kyou,Battle Butterflies,Really simple.\n\nArena based coliseum gladiator battle multi player.\n\nCatch is we are all butterflies in the game.\n\n \nWe could even include ridiculous melee weapons for the butterflies to wield against one another.\n\nAs in larger than the butterfly.\n\n \nSimulate realistic butterfly insect wing flapping physics.\n\n \nStreet fighter gone horribly wrong.\n\n \nWhat do you think?
66kw31,A Game with Both Realistic Shooting AND Driving,"This is more a discussion than a specific game idea.\n\n\nSo I'm a huge fan of realistic/tactical shooters and have been ever since I got into PC gaming close to 8 years ago.  I've played ARMA 2 &amp; 3, Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm, Squad, Insurgency, and (just recently) SWAT 4 to name a few.  I love the hell out of these games and find myself playing at least one of them at least 3-4 times a week.  In the last year or so I've also gained an interest in realistic (or at least leaning towards realistic) driving games as well.\n\n\nThis idea actually came into my mind last night when playing Dirt Rally.  I was driving the BMW E30 on some stages in Wales (really muddy tracks with lots of ditches and trees) and was struggling to control the RWD car while flying over dirt roads through a forest as fast as possible.  It was an intense moment as I was racing against the clock and came to hairpin turn and completely nailed a drift through the corner, barely missing a ditch on the outside, when I thought to myself, ""This is intense.  I wonder how much more intense it would be if an AI or another player was behind me in another car trying to catch or shoot me?""  And this led to a train of thought about if any video games I knew combined realistic (or at least near-enough realistic) driving with realistic shooting.  \n\n\nI remember the first time I played the DayZ mod, Red Orchestra 2, and Insurgency.  Being completely immersed in the situation I was in for the first time and hearing gunfire and explosions all over the place, running into the first enemy that was going to kill me, with my heart pounding and my hands jittery, and fighting to handle the situation...the intensity of those situations sticks with me now as I remember them.  It makes me think that if I had one of my gaming friends in the passenger seat of the car, shooting out the window at a chasing car, and hearing bullets shatter the rear window and snap as they pass by my character's head as I try and manage the car around corners and down streets while trying not to crash...that would be a completely memorable moment and one that almost no game on the market could possibly recreate.\n\n\nI think of games like the recent Ghost Recon: Wildlands where it's open world game and when you turn off the HUD, pick the highest difficulty, and ignore the fact that it's third person it's really good at immersing me in the situation my character is in (not counting stupid AI, massive bullet drop, and gratuitous explosions).  However, the cars in the game all drive like you're controlling a refrigerator with wheels and each refrigerator has slightly different speeds. Granted, I do like the level of damage caused to vehicles during collisions in that game.  A lot of the player base seems to complain that the vehicles crumple too much when they hit other cars but I think it's accurate from a few low-speed collisions I've seen in real life, BUT...that's besides the point.\n\n\nTake games that are considered hyper-realistic shooters like the ARMA games or Squad with all of the attention to detail with guns, bullet drop, and ballistics (ricochets and piercing capacity) and the vehicles in those games still leave much to be desired when it comes to handling.  And games like these don't always get it all okay when comes to player movement either.  In ARMA the movement is clunking and feels unresponsive (seemingly intentional to slow the person down) and Insurgency is almost too fast-paced at times.  Yet neither game has the same fluidity of movement that you get in games like Rainbow 6: Siege and Battlefield 1.\n\n\nAnd then take more casual games like GTA V, which has driving and shooting as main features of the game, and you can reload a belt-fed machine gun in a second, can't even perform a simple drift in the game, and you can ramp a semi-truck 150 ft in the air, crash into a building, and still be able to drive away unharmed.  As much as I enjoy GTA V (just over 300 hours spent) I sometimes want something more realistic to play but in the same style of game.\n\n\nIf it's possible to develop both realistic driving and shooting in separate games, why can't it be developed in the same game?  It doesn't even have to be any single genre.  I could see this implemented in a spy/James Bond type game, a military shooter (like ARMA or GR:W), a crime or police game (like GTA), or even a survival game (Mad Max, PU's: Battlegrounds, etc.)\n\n\nI get that developing both styles in one game would be difficult and require developers who know what they're doing regarding both fields but why isn't that manageable with even AAA titles like Ghost Recon that pride themselves on realism.\n\n\nI would love to have a game, either singleplayer, co-op, or multiplayer, that combines the aspects of a realistic/tactical shooter and a realistic driving game.\n\n\nTLDR: Lots of games have realistic shooting or realistic driving.  Why not both?"
66ki0h,Need idea for a pixel one touch game,"Hi everyone, I am cracking my brain on what game play i should come up with.\n\n2 games I have in mind but want to take ideas from each and combine and make something unique:\n\n1 is Swing Copter\n\n2 is Yo! Lets Up"
66j182,First Responder: A fire safety game,"First Responder is a fire safety game which is currently in development by a team of final year Games Development students.\nWe had originally created a post a few weeks ago but decided to make a new one based on the changes we've made.\nConcept: Daniel (a 17-year-old secondary school student) is at home alone while his parents are on a night out. He gets a text from his mother telling him to perform a fire safety check before he goes to bed. The player (Daniel) must walk around the house, identifying potential fire hazards and taking care of them. This involves performing actions such as pulling plugs from their sockets, putting out candles, replacing the battery in the smoke alarm and washing the ashtray. When time is up, Daniel heads to bed. \nThe aim of the game is to teach young people the importance of performing a fire safety check before they go to bed.\n\nTarget Audience: 16-18 years.\nGenre: Puzzle\n\nThe game is VR compatible and can be used with the Oculus Rift.\n\nClick [here](http://imgur.com/a/hy2xR) to view the original storyboard for the game.\n\nClick [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1FcFgu7UM0) to watch the paper prototype demo.\n\n**The storyboard and paper prototype outline two other parts of the game we were originally planning on developing. These involve Daniel's older brother, Sam, undoing some of the fire checks and causing a fire. This would initiate a fire escape sequence to the game. These concepts are no longer being developed due to time constraints.**\n\nClick [here](http://imgur.com/a/dqQVj) to view some screenshots from our Alpha version.\n\nAny feedback/comments would be greatly appreciated.\n"
66fz07,"Adding a twist on an Endless Runner, ideas?","I am in the middle of building a 2D Endless Runner, I don't know how to make it different from every other one. A twist, something like how Jetpack Joyride added, well jetpacks adding a new ""flavour"" to the game. Or Geometry Dash had the music and the timing with the music aiding in your level. You know, something that changes the game and makes it more fun to play."
66cqnh,RPG focussed on maigc and research.,"**Main concept**\nYou play as a sorcerer in training. You are taughtthe basic spells by you teacher/mentor, and the rest of the spells you can do, will be learned by reaserching and combining the things you alredy know.\n\n**Core mechanic**\n*The research of spells and alchemy\n*your player has no level\n*only your abilities level up. (practice makes perfect)\n\n**Story idea**\nYou go to a school of sorcery (Hogwarts'ish, Brakebills'ish) where you are taught to do magic. do to being a school of magic you will encounter many obstacles. Nothing stupid though, it wouldn't make sense you could do.\nAs you complete school you will be recruited to a speciel taskforce to do something...\n\n**Sources of inspiration**\n*Minecraft mod: Thaumcraft and Ars Magica\n*Harry potter (duh...)\n*Little Alchemy and Doodle god\n\nSuggestions are very welcome :)"
66b7g9,A privateer captain simulator,"You're not a mere pirate, but a privateer: you are officially allowed by your state to attack ships that belong to any other state as long as the two states are at war.\n\nUnfortunately in practice it's often quite hard to figure out whether you're allowed to attack someone or not. You also need to be able to prove that when you sell the loot in the port.\n\n - Companies: a vessel can belong to a company that belongs to a company, or even be on loan.\n\n - Laws: each state has it's own laws with lots of tiny details, like whether you're allowed to kill the crew when they surrender without fighting, or whether you're allowed to attack your countrymen who don't have a proper trading license.\n\n - Documents: you don't have all the info automatically, instead you need to buy it beforehand in the port. If there's an argument over whether your actions are legal, the other side might present their own documents. But you're not required to have the right documents on hands to take someone's cargo and/or ship by force.\n\n - Gossip: crewmembers also know random facts about vessels and companies. These are unreliable and outdated, but free.\n\n - Patrols: enemy patrol ships will try to catch you from time to time. Sometimes a little unnecessary bloodshed is worth getting away in time.\n"
66axh4,"Arcade Master, you are the king of the Arcade","Hello my name is Victor,\n\nI am a Chilean software developer.\n\nI am going to share with you a video game prototype, the final project is too big for me.\n\nThe game is about someone who goes to the arcade to beat the other players.\n\nIf the player defeats all the others in the arcade, you can go to another arcade more respected.\n\nThe last stage could be las vegas or something like that :)\n\nMini-games can be as simple as pong, races or whatever you can think of that has a relationship with arcades.\n\nEarly prototipe made in Unity:\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k22B1R4rqWI&amp;ytbChannel=Victor%20Hugo%20Pe%C3%B1aloza%20Mart%C3%ADnez\n\nI hope someone is interested in the idea\n\nRegards, "
66955v,Simple Chance Game Suggestions Needed,Hi!\n\nI know this isn't really the type of game suggestions you get here but just wanted some ideas for simple addicting chance based games. Absolutely any suggestions that you think fit are welcome! An example at the core of what I want would be something like a coin flip etc. \n\nIf you have any questions or queries feel free to ask.\n\nThanks! 
667i4l,Ideas to add a unique feel to a platformer,"I am planning on building a platformer (Probably Mobile), but I want to add a unique twist to it. A way to give people a reason to play my game over someone else's game. Just an idea (preferably unique) that will create a new feel"
661nsb,A crowd sourced video game.,"Just sort of an abstact idea I'm throwing out there so don't take it too seriously please.\n\nConcept:\n\nThe mechanics of the game are unimportant, it can be an fps or an rpg adventure or whatever, as long as it is a single player story driven game.\n\n\nThe way this works is that a dev company creates all the art/textures/assets, basically everything.  They then create a small portion/intro of the game where the end of this section leaves the player with two choices.  The company also releases an extremely comprehensive level editor(no coding skills needed).  Then they release this small intro for the full price of the game, people who buy the game get access to the editor and can submit their continuation stories from one of the two choices to the company, they are also instructed to leave two choices at the end of their portions.  The company decides which of the submited levels they like the best and updates the game with the new levels added, then they open the contest again and continually repeats this process.  Eventually they get to a certain number of endings and that is when they release it as a a full game. \n\nThe company takes a certain percentage of the sales (from the point of when the intro is released onward) and divides the remaining percent of sales among the contest winners.  Perhaps eventually(maybe like a year later) they release an expansion pack which continues the process again where it left off.\n\nBasically this creates a game with an insane number of player driven decisions that have impact on the game.  Throughout all of this the game devs will be directing things to make sure the quality remains consistent and is not a giant mess of ideas.  They will release updates on their websites forum explaining what they want for a certain section of the game.  Maybe they don't want there to be a choice at the end of a cetain block of sections to keep it linear for once and slow things down, or maybe they want a certain section to be scary/happy/sad.  Mainly they will be judging that the section flows nicely with the previous sections(the whole story basically).\n\nNow I know this whole thing is probably already possible with what is out there today without a company running it, I just feel that if it is something specifically tailored to this idea then it will work best.\n\nNotes:\n\n-Creaters will have access to all previous levels to edit.\n\n-Choices will sometimes converge back onto others\n\n-Creaters will sometimes be encouraged to make punishing levels if the devs decided that going down that path was a bad choice.\n\n-I know a level editor would never deliver the same quality that custom coded events would to a game, but you would be surprised at what people could do with limited tools and its selling point is not its flawless and polished events, it is the amount of choice given to the player.\n"
660ve6,A .io style remake of BALDIES please!,"Baldies is a game of little bald guys who wander the land randomly and aimlessly, for the most part. Your team is bald with brightly colored coveralls, with red for breeders, blue for builders, green for soldiers, and white for scientists. You are essentially god of the baldies, and you can pick them up with your hand and carry them to places and make them build houses. The enemies all wear a team color, and they all have a full head of hair!\n\n...\n\nAnyways, I went to creative edge and it always said the edgies were sleeping, so I highly doubt that any new baldies games will come out for new computers. It's frustrating because I used to play the large map 4 player vs AI enemies for HOURS when I was a kid, and there aren't any games quite like it... Sorry if this is too blatant of a copy of an existing game, but it sorta doesn't exist anymore... I have it on virtualbox... but I prefer the chaotic anonymous multiplayer style of .io games...\n\n...\n\nThe twist, for a .io game, would be to have a really big persistent world with teams of 8-or-so baldies appearing away from other teams, in a crazy chaotic free for all battle for supremacy! To lose, all of your baldies have to die.\n\n...\n\nIf anyone is interested in making it, PM me!\n\nI hope you can get permission to make it!\n\nThanks! :D"
660epn,The Id,"**Plot/Title Sequence**\n\nA rugged man kicks the stand off his motorcycle outside of a run down bar. He takes off his helmet and shakes his head then brushes the dust off his leather jacket. The crunch of dirt and gravel below him changes to a low thud as he enters the wooden building. A few dim lights cast silhouettes of patrons quietly sitting at the bar while a pretty redhead tends to drinks. The rugged man sits down in front of the redhead and notices a small pane window behind her. Beyond the glass, an outline of the city comes into focus. \n\nAn impossibly large metropolis hundreds of miles away is seen from the cliff where the bar resides. The sky is the color of rust, and a dust storm that would envelop an entire city barely grazes the floor of the tall dark skyscrapers. Back inside the bar, the man sighs, and takes a drink of the medicine in his hand. The redhead smiles. The lights dim further. The rugged man closes his eyes...\n\nSuddenly, the floor shakes. The rugged man is jostled awake. The shaking intensifies. An earthquake? Another test? Glasses clang and clash, the old wooden walls creak and splinter, the fear from the other patrons becomes apparent and the redhead and rugged man look at each other. Suddenly, a shadow blocks out the light from the window. The rugged man rushes out of the building for fear of it collapsing around him with the redhead in close pursuit. He nearly loses his footing as he turns the corner towards the back of the bar to see the city.\n\nThe rugged man and redhead stop at the edge the cliff, the ground nearly gives way. The violent tremors stop as the two are frozen in fear. A figure, black as hate, emerges the city. It exponentially grows in size, rising too fast for the two to recognize what it is. The rugged man looks up at the sky and sees a pair of eyes looking down at him. Below the eyes, a tear in the sky forms into a maniacal smile. Suddenly, a piercing roar shatters the earth, and the cliffs shatter below the redhead and the rugged man. \n\nThe rugged man grabs the redhead's hand, and all light ends as they fall into darkness.\n\n*The Id*\n\n\n**Setting**\n\nAreas in The Id will change dramatically because [it's a dream sequence]. The first area is a desolate town with a few buildings to search through. It's purpose is to make the world more believable since the two main characters just fell off a cliff, but after solving the puzzle and defeating the enemies in the first area, suddenly the next area is an elementary school and your characters turn into children. The arctic circle is the next level. Then a hospital in India. Then a kitchen. \n\n**Gameplay Mechanics**\n\nThe Id is a horror game in third person POV. (Think Shadow of the Colossus meets The Evil Within) The rugged man is the protagonist who initially escorts the redhead through the world and they both head towards the heart of the city to confront the monster. In the first few levels/areas it would appear as though the purpose is to protect the redhead and complete objectives so she can pass through the areas safely with you. Except, if you do that, your world becomes darker and more horrifying, and by protecting her you will [lose the game]. An example of a puzzle would be whether or not to command her to beat up a child in a playground.\n\nYou control the redhead just as you control your own character. You can interact with the environment and make choices through a menu of options. There will be environmental cues along the way that tell you to abandon her/to use her for bait/to abuse her. The point of this is to contradict the instinct of protecting our companions in games (and it especially helps that she's an attractive lady). Neither characters have any dialog; their animations would be part of the environmental cues and the primary way to communicate. For example, as the world becomes more and more dark and horrifying, the redhead will follow you more closely, reach out for your arm, her posture becomes more and more tense. If you use her for objectives that appear to be malicious, she will become more comfortable and less afraid. If you use yourself to complete objectives instead of her, she will grow more agitated (as if she's upset that you are hurting yourself to protect her). Your ability to read body language will absolutely be tested. \n\nAt a point in the game, say half of the way through, the way you completed certain objectives will determine how you continue:\n- If you use the redhead for half the puzzles (you'll be hinted at which ones are appropriate for you to complete vs. to use her instead) then you're allowed to progress through the rest of the game.\n- If you use her for all of the puzzles, [she turns into ""redhead"", a horrifically malformed humanoid monster, and kills you].\n- If you completely sacrifice yourself for every objective, [the gigantic monster itself decimates you]. \n\nAt this point, she will abandon you, and you're left to complete the rest of the game on your own. [The reason she abandons you is because now you are attempting to balance out the Ego and the Super Ego. Since you no longer have a companion, you'll make hard choices on whether to abandon an objective or use yourself (the Ego) to solve it] At this stage of the game, you're expected to understand the characters a bit better and their purpose. You will eventually encounter the gigantic beast that overshadows the city, and certain bosses in the game will also be gigantic. [The areas and monsters represent the various events in the rugged man's life that had a greater impact than others. For example, later in the game, you could choose to kill a gigantic shadow monster with the figure of a woman, or ignore it and let it ""kill"" you (rendering you unconscious, letting you pass to the next area). The woman actually turns out to be your wife who passed away, and that encounter represents a fight you had in the past where the Ego's decision is to hurt her because she hurt you, while the SuperEgo's decision is to let her hurt you and rising above the desire to equalize the situation. As noted in the spoilers below, the purpose of all these encounters is to balance out and make right of his regrets.]\n\nThere will be combat (though not nearly as much as The Evil Within, just similar styles) to slay demons, grotesque creatures, and sometimes even fight something as innocent as a group of children in a playground. The weapons wouldn't be guns but random objects in the area like a wooden board or a live wire from a nearby transformer.\n\n**Platform**\n\nI imagine this being created on an engine like Unreal or something as powerful. Definitely for PC, PS4 and Xbox One. I was thinking RPG Maker at first, but if you have no dialog and you're dependent on body language for a good part of the game, I'm not sure a pixelated version would work out.\n\n**Concept Overview - Backstory, title sequence, and ending explained**\n\n*The Id* is based on Sigmund Freud's theory of the Id, the Ego, and the Super Ego. [Read here for a summary of the theory to better understand the game concept.](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Id,_ego,_and_super-ego) The rugged man is the Ego, the Super Ego is the gargantuan monster, and the Id is the redhead. Players who know nothing about the theory would hopefully think the monster is the Id to give it more of a twist ending. \n\n- The reason the superego is a monster is because the rugged man's psyche is damaged. As you progress through the game, the SuperEgo becomes less and less of a gigantic monster and more human, shrinking in size, having more human-like features, and resides inside the husk of the gigantic shadow. \n\n- The city represents the life that he built and what he's ready to leave behind. \n\n- The bar represents his resting place and the redhead actually turns out to be his granddaughter. \n\n* From the way you treat her during the game (some objectives require sexual things to be done to progress to the ""good"" ending) it may seem like the rugged man is incestuous, but hopefully the scenes are written in such a way that it's more of a catalyst for the player to contemplate whether love is more spiritual(?) or primal. Maybe the relationship being a little incestuous is okay... making it even more of a mindfuck. I dunno, i'm just the writer, you figure that out for yourself.\n\nThe meaning of the game is to help the rugged man pass away with his psyche intact, to forgive himself of the decisions he made in the past, and to remember his granddaughter in his final moments.\n\n**Credits**\n\nI would die happy if someone took this idea and ran with it. I had the exact title sequence I described in a dream once, so it would literally be my dream come true. Just my name in the credits is enough. Please email me if you're interested and want me to help further the story or concept, but note I have absolutely no game development experience. Hope you enjoyed it!\n"
660b8u,testing formats for this thread,[deleted]
6603ht,Cold War Russian Sleeper Agent RPG,[deleted]
65vr4a,"Book of Job - like the sims, but you play as God, you're given a family that loves you, and your goal is to make them hate you.","Perhaps a difficulty setting that makes them more or less loyal to you at the beginning. Also, maybe have just one of the people in the family be randomly chosen, and you have to make that person hate you."
65urld,Project ideas?,"Hello, \n\nI need some ideas to make a simple game in C#. I know the basics and I'd like to practise my knowledge :)"
65u2v7,An open world game but the story go on without you.,"Very simple idea, hard to implemnt though.\n\nYou are one of the gurdians of the famed hero, the chosen one etc who's on a quest of epic proportions and all that cringey stuff... but you can break off from that group to go do your own thing, save kitties, build settlements, or do some epic quests on your own (which the hero will comment on if you rejoin the group depending on the quest) whatever....or you can be evil and do mischievous deeds in your own time and the hero will attack you if you try to rejoin, or simply refuse you going back with them.\n\nThe main story got a time limit, say 30 or 40 hours. At hour 5 the hero group is at a village doing something, at hour 15 at the seaport about to set sail for the most super evil island....at 20 hours mark fighting something.\n\nYou can intervene and help the hero group story main quest, or help from the shadows, like a tough evil army unit will meet the hero group at the 9:30 hour mark. You can defeat those any time before to help the hero. Gather money for the ship the hero will neerd. Or clear a castle the hero group will have trouble at, at the 30 hour mark, some npc may die at that spot and time if you don't help either with the group or before them...you get the idea. Or make it harder for the hero and co any way you want. The possibilities are limitless.\n\nAfter the hero's journey ends, whether for good or bad (depending on which the side you took) you can still do side quests and see the results or the main quest ending."
65t2vi,"A stealth game, focused on using color and colored environments to hide and complete heists.","Hey!  I'm an aspiring game designer working on a few games, and I have more ideas than I can put into action with my little free time.  Feel free to use this if you'd like!  And I'd love to help with art design (I work mainly in pixel art) if anyone uses my ideas.\n\nSo basically, the idea for this game is that you play as a chameleon, and you manually control his ability to change color (specifically, through the use of the right thumb stick on an Xbox controller, for example).  Using paint cans, colored environments, and more, you need to make yourself inconspicuous while you take out guards of another type of animal, and steal, let's say, rare antiquities from eccentric and colorful museums.  I like the idea of this either being a 2D or 3D platformer, with an almost Hitman-esque sense of possibilities, and getting used to levels.  All systems should interact maximally as, for example, the systems in Breath of the Wild do, and the player should be able to manipulate objects and (if they are similar enough in color, size, shape, and sensors detecting so on, they are untraceable.  This would include the steps of getting into the heist location, navigating within, and escaping either while the location is in 'high alert' or undetected.  Utilizing deep themes of invisibility and stealth, the player will create their own innovative solutions, and perhaps even engage in a two player stealth mode, where one player acts as the chameleon thief, and the other as the security chief, watching through CCTV cameras and ordering guards and units to engage in certain ways.  As for style, I like a casual but colorful one like those seen in games like Spyro, Lucky's Tale, Snake Pass, etc."
65smwl,Ultra-realistic medieval MMORPG (2nd Iteration),"This is a game concept based on the critiques collected from users commenting on the feature/mechanic concept design post below.\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/64uoo1/ultrarealistic_medieval_mmorpg_with_organic/\n\n\n**GOALS**\n\n\nMy vision of this game is to provide an purely immersive experience to the player. \n\n* Every action has weight. \n\n* That they have freedom of choice not limited by meta-gaming/game-mechanics. \n\n* Their personal abilities (logic, management, decision-making, charisma, reaction time, leadership, diligence, deception, stress-performance etc.) are more important than their in-game abilities (sword-fighting, movement speed, wealth).\n\n**Core Mechanics**\n\n\n* Minimization of all quantitative mechanics\n\nQuantitative mechanics refers to set numeric values such as HP, exp points, skill levels, storage screens, etc... This is to discourage min-maxing and increase immersion.\n\n* Physics-based game mechanics\n\nAny action a player takes or wants to do isn’t done through a loading screen or a menu, it is done in-game in the world physically. For example, if a player wants to cut down a tree, they will pick up an axe and click the “use” button on the tree. They will then proceed to cut it down. Or if a player wants to cook food, they will pick up the food, drop it into a pot, pick up the pot and put it on a fire.\n\n* Three-button system\n\nAll of the mechanics in the world are based off a three button system. A “pick-up” button, a “use” button and a “drop” button. The targets of these buttons will be what you are looking at when you click the button. The effect of the use button will change based on what you have in your hands and what the target it. If you have a knife in your hand and you are looking at a stick, when you press use, it will sharpen the stick. If you have a knife in your hand and you are looking at a carcass, you will skin the carcass etc. Combat is the only exception that does not strictly follow this system due to its added complexity.\n\n* Emphasis on metaphor-based player guidance\n\nAs explored in the previous post, health would be measured not in points but rather individual wounds and conditions with unique consequences and pseudo-random outcomes. Skills would be measured both in actual player-experience of their specific character as well as in-game checks and balances, rather than a point-based threshold system that is commonly seen. Combat would also be changed to a system of delivering wounds and injuries as opposed to fixed damage values, armor in turn would not be a damage-point reduction system but would aid in the calculation of wound type and severity. This would be applied to any quantitative assessment used in the game as much as possible (etc.)\n\n* A focus social inclusiveness\n\nMany multi-player games face the issue of players in a player base not being able to trust strangers, making large-scale co-operation an impossible task.\n\n* Permadeath\n\nOnce your character dies, it’s over. The character is not playable ever from that point onwards. An exception is a miracle, divine intervention but that is extremely rare.\n\n* Player-focused skill gaining system\n\nCommon model in games regarding skills is that for a player to gain skills or exp they interact with the environment. In this, a player can still do that to gain skills, but if they want to gain skills much more efficiently and effectively, another player must teach them. A mentor-based skill system. You cannot become a good blacksmith by making 1000 daggers. You must work as an apprentice to another blacksmith and copy and learn from his skills.\n\n* GM-based religion system\n\nThere will be gods in this game. They will be the moderators. They will have powers of gods and will have followers and beliefs. Each faith is a GM (monotheism) or a set of GM’s (pantheon). Their interaction with the player base will be minimal after the “first-gen” but they will be continually present. Each religion will have a faith level, depending on how well their followers have been following the commandments of the religion. For example, if there is a Christian who murders another Christian, then the overall faith level for Christianity goes down, unless that person is executed or ex-communicated. This will encourage religious leaders to seek out and enforce the commandments of the religion. For some religions, if a player wants to be part of that religion they will go through some kind of initiation rite, examples, mikveh, baptism etc. Other religions might only require a player to pray to the god. \n\n* Meditation/stasis\n\nThere are holy sites in this game both natural and man-made. In these holy sites, followers of that holy sites god are immune to all player-caused damage. When they log off in these holy sites, they go into “meditation” or “stasis”. During stasis they do not experience hunger, but they do age. They also do not recover fatigue in stasis. This is where the player can safely log-off when they know they will not return for a very long time. (Vacation, quitting the game temporarily, going away, going to school/work etc.)\n\n* Sleep\n\nIf a player logs off anywhere other than a holy site of their religion they will go to sleep. Because they are not at a holy site, they can be killed by other players in their sleep. During sleep, hunger and fatigue function normally with hunger going up at a slow rate and fatigue going down. The benefits of sleep will vary depending on where they go to sleep. A player can log-off to sleep when they know they will be playing afterwards. (Taking a break, etc.)\n\n* Religious battle\n\nA holy site can be invaded by another religion but only if several conditions have been met. 1. The followers of the defending religion have weak faith, have not followed the conditions of their religion. 2. The attacking religion has strong faith. Thus, this will encourage players to engage in prayer, following commandments etc. Once a holy site is successfully invaded, all players in stasis lose immunity. After there are no players of the original religion in that holy site, the holy site will be converted to the faith of the attackers. A holy site is essentially a representation of a religions territory.\n\n* The first-gen, beta players\n\nSo you say, if a player can only learn skills from another player, then how does the very first set of fresh players begin? Well, the first players, those players who are in the beta are known as the first humans. These players are immortal (they do not age after a certain point 40, but still die by other means) and begin playing as adults unlike the other players who begin as infants. In the beta the gods will be mentors and teach the players the base of their skills.\n\n**Game Features under-review**\n\n* Character creation\n\nIn this game you buy characters. A characters average lifetime is 2 years with about a month of it being childhood/infancy. When you begin your character you are randomly given a couple. **You cannot customize your character**. This is a very important intentional decision. When players are given choice, you can generally expect them to make the best choice. In game where players are given character customization, the majority of characters are the buff, strong, heroic, male. That is sadly, not an accurate representation of real life. Not everyone is born a hero. But that is the beauty, you could be born as a peasant waif girl of a prostitute and make your way up the ranks to become a Joan of Arc like character. You could be born as the heir of a great kingdom. It all depends on the role of the dice. Problem with this is that you would get players who simply buy another new character when they are born as someone they don’t like. This is annoying as you would get a male-heavy demographic meaning children are difficult to be born. But, cultures and kingdoms with lots of females will have high populations meaning a stronger empire. It is likely though, that multiple accounts will be abused with many “mule” female characters being child bearers. This is very difficult for the player to do because the mother must be present in the raising of children otherwise the character will not develop good base stats. Further analysis is required.\n"
68589k,How to build social relationships in RPGs?,"As I'm developing my RPG, I've come to realize the way I've developed the social relationships and their advancements are far too similar to those of Persona: perform a certain task, win ""trust points"", evolve to the next level of trust (what they call Social Links, or P5's Confidants).\n\nWith my RPG already taking place in a school (except it's during vacation month, not during the term), I want to avoid this kind of pitfalls. Any ideas on how to develop those social relationships?"
68583b,Hero Life - Action game in development,"Greetings guys, my name is Leonardo and I'm a software developer, currently I'm working in a mobile game called ""Hero Life"" and it is in Alpha on Google Play and I came here to ask some tips from you guys!\n\nIn the game, I have a ""Elemental Hero"" (Fire, Ice, Thunder, Stone..) in the middle of the map (stage, terrain..). This map is composed of four lanes where each lane have a spawn point that spawn monsters (creatures, foes), so my objective is defende myself (Hero) from the enemies hordes, I use range attacks, diferrent skills and AOE strategy to survive. \n\nThe campaign mode is dividded in 1 to 15 levels in 4 different maps (total 60 campain levels)\n\nThe enemies drop items that I can equip myself to improve my stats (Atk damage, skill speed, power of ultimate and hp), the stats can be improve leveling as well.\n\nSo, the game is OK for now, but did you guys know when it looks like it is not enought? I'm feeling this way right now and I'd love if you guys could please give some tips or suggestions about gameplay, skills, UI and so on.\n\nThe game doesn't have a story nor a ending, I dunno if it is that what is missing.. Can you guys suggest or it looks ok to be released like this?\n\nThanks in advance! The release date is to the end of the next month (May 26, 2017)\n\nGoogle Play Alpha: https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.AlphaQuest.GameStudio\n\nCheers and sorry for english mistakes!\nLeonardo\nleotosin99@hotmail.com"
6854jq,A puzzle game in first person,"I have to make a game, I want it to be puzzle type, like Portal or Talos Principle, in a low poly world in first person.\n\nI'll be making the assets, plus all the programming. I consider myself a good programmer but not a very good 3D artist, so I will make very simple low poly art (and in first person so I don't have to draw the character).\n\nAny ideas for this? I'm thinking of making a complete rip off of the ""put boxes in buttons"" mechanic that both of those games use, but I would prefer to give something more original.\n"
684s69,Horror Game?,"Basically, the player is on a trip to the big city. His car is low on fuel, so he stops at a town, only to realise there is no-one there. Suddenly, the wind starts to swirl. The sky grows grey and storm clouds form. You fill up your car from a pump and drive to the end of town, only to realise its a dead end. You shrug this off and drive to where you entered the town, but that's a dead end too. Where there was a road is now a dark forest. You get out of the car and go to inspect the forest. Suddenly, red eyes glow out of the trees. The upper half of a human body crawls out of the trees, trailing blood. One of the arms is way too big, with obvious stitches around the shoulder. Instead of a human head, there is the head of a wolf, with stitches round the neck. It bleeds out a few metres in front of you. You realise something. Something is horribly wrong here, and you need to get out.\n\nThe concept of this game is, there's someone cutting up people and animals and stitching them together again. These creatures would be entirely hostile.\n\nSome ideas:\n\nThe Graveyard-If the player goes here, they will find piles of the monstrosities, all dead. Random body parts will be here too. Some of the corpses will jump at the player, then die.\n\nThe reason this happened-A random house will have a working TV. If you turn it on by the remote, the TV will play a movie where a mad scientist cuts up 2 bodies and mixes the limbs."
6801ao,Stat based battle? Any ideas how to make it work?,"Is there any games out there that successfully use ""stat based battles"" in the sense that the extent or the majority of the battle is determined entirely by how well you built up your stats? I know there are games where your stats ""essentially"" determine who's going to win, as in if you're level 80 maxed out you're going to beat a low gear level 1 just because of stats. But I'm looking for a game that doesn't even rely on graphics or even really battles per say. Something based entirely on your stats.\n\nHas it been done successfully and if so how? Fwiw, I know it will always be worse than a well made battle sequence but I'm just trying to make it better."
67zdfh,Heroes of War-Soldiers from all around the world and times!,[deleted]
67y6yg,Adaptive horror experience,"This isn't much of a concept, but more of a mechanic that could be introduced into a horror game to make it more terrifying and also more immersive. \n\nessentially, the first few levels show off a variety of horrific elements, such as spiders, snakes, and other such things that most people are afraid of, and roughly gauge the player's reactions to see which elements got a bigger scare.\n\nThen, in later levels, simply slot in encounters with similar elements to recreate that bigger scare and, voila! an extra spooky game that changes for each playthrough."
67w5q4,Lighthouse horror game,Your name is Nathan Alexander blake you are a 35 year old lighthouse keeper. Trying to make ends meet you get word a bad storm is coming in so you prepare yourself. for the storm When the storm hits all power is lost you don't have anyway to contact the mainland except for the radio when you go to check the radio You hear a Noise coming from the Basement You go down the spiral staircase only to see a window open and wet foot prints on the floor as you go back up stairs you see the front door is wide open as you go to close it you see in the distance. a creature with glowing red.eyes wearing a diving helmet walking into the water you slam the door in a panic!! now you must try to get the power back online to get off this island\n
67umiq,App idea for a scavenger hunt,My app is a scavenger hunt type of app where you have daily or monthly challenges to find different items and take photos of them and play against other players in a global level or country wide level\n\nCould also have tourist challenges to appeal to the tourists? \n\nWhat do you think? Is it viable and profitable? \n\nWas thinking a free version with ads and a paid for one with no ads? \n\nThanks 
67ug8s,Highschool of the Dead (Update #2),"I had an update before on this idea about the Merchant Area and the Zombie Areas.Now I would like to talk about quests and events since no MMORPG have those missing.First of all,the events would have special areas made which can be accessed at certain level,given by a certain character which would appear in the Merchant Area to give the certain Event Quest.For the Quests I was thinking that certain character that appeared in the comics/anime would give you the quests.The quests would open up more Areas for your character and weapon types.\n\nThis is the update for now.I will try to make some more for the Character Creation and Crafting system."
67t3cb,Need to pick your nerdy brains,"So I'm planning a game where the fighting system will be almost like rock paper scissors or even like pokemon i suppose in the sense that there will be 4 elements to choose from and theres a system to where one always beats another. Kind've like pokemon. Nothing new but I want each class to have 2 sub classes to choose from to keep it unique and fun! Keep in mind these will more than likely be augments on weapons and armor, sort've like Adventure Quest. The four I have are: Fire&gt;Earth&gt;Lightning&gt;Water. Honestly the only thing I have so far for a subcategory for water is ice.... Really really drawing a blank here. \n\nTLDR; Need 2 sub categories for: Water, Fire, Earth, Lightning... \n\nEDIT: Decided to go with just 3 elements: Fire, Water, and Earth."
67rozy,High Low Dice,"using 2 dice roll 10 times try to get 115 or close to first roll 2 dice then try to roll lower than that roll, add the total if lower than the first roll, then try to roll higher do this alternating high low 10 times all together and if you roll the same total or don't roll higher when low or low when high you score nothing."
67r25x,Wizard Wars,Like maybe a 30v30 or smaller or even bigger with all magic and wands and everything castles to me it sounds dope.
67ppei,Firefighting game,"So I've had an idea for a while now that I think would be super awesome. \n\nBasically you're a firefighter in a city somewhere (NY would be the best recongition probably with the fdny but it by no means has to be set there.) \n\nThe actual firefighting can be set fps style, so you'd be looking through the scba mask, see the top of the helmet, etc. The different fires and other calls could be procedurally generated so that they don't get stale. Etc.\n\nIf you want to implement a leveling system, you could have the player work their way up from a rookie to a captian or chief, along the way giving them more and more responsibility just like would really happen. At a certain point, you could even have them driving the truck for a few calls and staying outside the fire providing the guys on the inside water. \n\nI have a few other thoughts on this, if anyone is interested, but I'm sure you have thoughts of your own too.  Just let me know if you make anything like this.  The closest that ive ever seen is called fire department fd18 and it was for ps2 way back in the day, haven't seen anything like it since. "
67o33z,[Request] Mobile/Web Game Idea,I am a developer and I am looking for an idea for a mobile and/or web game.\n\nI prefer the game to be simple yet addictive but it's not a must. What's really important is its ingenuity.\n\nI am willing to share profits after the game is published.
67myvm,A Zelda Game where Ganon is the good guy and Link and Zelda are the bad guys because both of their Triforce pieces are unbalanced.,"So I was thinking what if a user of the Triforce of power was good and not actually evil? And why? I thought that the gods made a mistake by trying to prevent an evil triforce of power from being born but instead they made two evil triforces by accident: the triforces of courage and Wisdom were abused and the land was ruined anyway.\n\nExcess wisdom made Zelda an arrogant, cold, calculating witch who was seeking control of the realm and justifying it as for the good of the world although the world is at peace to begin with!!! Excess courage turned Link into a savage warrior, whose wrath and cruelty drew fear in the hearts of men. \n\nIn this unique situation Ganon, in the form of a Gerudo kid, would be the only good-hearted triforce wielder of power who could bring balance to the triforce by subjugating the other two and putting them in their place. Ganon was a strong but merciful leader who knew compassion and force.\n\nZelda's Machiavellian view of the world drove her to use her position within the royal family and her intelligence to undermine, subvert, control and divide other provinces in several different ways while Link was her sole loyal pawn who served Zelda in many of her schemes. She even drew power from other dimensions such as Termina, albeit she did not have that much reach. \n\nLink blindly believed Zelda's lies and he carried out her will and became a feared opponent on the battlefield, an oppressive leader within his ranks, a scourge to rival provinces and the wielder of the Master Sword (corrupted by Zelda). Zelda also used her magic to give additional equipment and powers to Link (such as Din's Fire and the Gale boomerang) to empower him and help him enforce her will. \n\nHad she had her way, Zelda would have attacked other dimensions, such as Lorule, Termina, Twilight Realm, etc. The entire Zelda universe would be in danger.\n\nHere is a list of atrocities committed by Zelda and Link:\n\n1 - Zelda sent Link to assassinate the Royal Family during prayer at the Temple of Time in one fell swoop, solidifying her dictatorship.\n\n2 - Link poisoned Lake Hylia in wolf form by releasing a parasite found in kokiri forest and concocted by Zelda herself in a bottle, weakening the Zoras and tricking them by offering the cure in exchange for loyalty and magical artifacts. The King of the Zoras and his advisors is suspicious of this but he has no choice but to oblige. After doing so, Zelda has yet to deliver what she has promised but said the cure will come in the form of rainfall, signaling a false hope every time rain comes.\n\n3 - Link kidnapped Gerudo babies in the dessert overnight in wolf form, switching them out between tribes and planting false letters, instigating an unending war between the tribes and preventing them from interfering in Zelda's affairs.\n\n4 - Link infiltrated Death Mountain and crushed volvagia, causing strange volcanic activity in Death Mountain. Zelda as Sheik laid a trap by warning Darmani of a danger in the mountain's crater. After Darmani went alone in the Boss room, he was isolated since only a Sage can enter there. It was then clear that Link was responsible and he realized the rumors of Link's actions were true. After a fierce fight, Link finally impaled Darmani in the back with the corrupted Master Sword, his secrets dying with Darmani. The Gorons were weakened by intense volcanic activity and lack of leadership. Their clan crumbled and they were reduced to people living in the plains, their spirit crushed and their population dying. \n\n5 - The Kokiri were exterminated out by Link and a group of conscripted skull kids coerced into assisting Link by revealing their hiding places. The kokiri used their magic and trickery to hide but the skull kids revealed every last one of their hiding places and Link simply massacred them and used Din's fire to burn the Great deku tree to ashes. Zelda turned the forest into a place to research new parasites and launch them to different provinces. \n\n6 - Hyrule Castle and the surrounding city is a paradise, with the new resources and income taken from the surrounding provinces. The people couldn't live happier and they worship Zelda and Link (who publicly staves off threats from the Gerudo Dessert on horseback, augmented by Zelda's powers and equipment) and he is seen as the paragon of the Land (and he sees himself this way while Zelda promotes this image, diverting attention from her machinations) and nobody believes Link and Zelda have anything to do with all the chaos surrounding Hyrule! Not even Link himself sees clearly the consequences of his actions!\n\nAs you can see, Zelda is probably a worse villain than Ganon if her pride gets activated by her excess wisdom, simply because she has a clear goal and knows how to exploit her position. Zelda simply makes Link believe he is the hero he was supposed to be so he can follow her every will. His public appearances in town help her do this and she sometimes visits him in Sheik form (not knowing it was her) to deceive him further on his journeys and giving him false guidance.\n\nSo how does Ganon, a poor boy from a dessert engulfed by endless war, resolve this? Well, he HAS the triforce of power, so at an early age he gains control of his own tribe, then, advised by koume and kotake throughout his journey, he manages to unite all the Gerudo tribes through his power but, unlike Zelda, he is merciful. \n\nHe now has an army united and prepare to take on Zelda's forces, but the problem is Link and Zelda catch wind of this developement and seeing they can no longer be tricked or discouraged, decide to go to war with the Gerudo people, who wage a guerrilla war in the dessert. \n\nLink himself rides on horseback and confronts Ganon in the dessert, but Ganon manages to repel him and keep expanding his forces. Link returns a few more times, this time with more equipment and augmented by Zelda's powers, but he is again defeated and his forces are EXPELLED from the dessert, signaling a true victory in the eyes of the Gerudo people. \n\nGanon then moves from province to province and dungeon to dungeon, still accompanied by Koume and Kotake, reversing Zelda's abominations and returning hope for the Land of Hyrule. As for Hyrule, the citizens are terrified of Ganon and his power and they lose their faith in Link with every defeat he encounters. \n\nLink personally encounters Ganon many times in the game, hunting him down and challenging him with new powers and equipment augmented by Zelda (ice arrows, clawshot, Nayru's love, wolf form, etc.) and encountering him in many different types of terrain and ambushing him in dungeons (Link attacks you instead of you seeking him out), but he is still beaten back and nothing seems to work, so in the dungeons and provinces Zelda lays a number of physical and magical traps and creatures for Ganon, still failing as well. \n\nGanon obliterates the parasitic monster, Gohma, the source of death in Kokiri forest, and plant life returns to the forest, allowing the Goron a new place to stay in the stead of the extinct kokiri (they hate it there but its better than starving in the plains). In the meantime, Koume and Kotake try to find a cure for the parasites plaguing Lake Hylia in order to stop it from spreading elsewhere.\n\nGanon extinguishes Death Mountain, stopping its Eruption and relocating the Goron there. When the Goron leave, the Skull Kids come out of hiding and promise to protect the forest and the two witches. \n\nGanon then heads out to the temple of Shadows to retrieve the lens of truth. After he does this, he returns to the forest to prepare a cure for the Zorah in order to form an alliance in the ensuing war effort so that way the Zorah can control the rivers and Lakes while the Gerudo and Gorons control the mountains and the Land. \n\nAfter this is done, the Gorons and the Gerudo assemble for a final assault at the Castle Gate and Ganon bursts through the gate in his monstrous pig form. Before the battle even begins Koume and Kotake use the lens of truth to contact Darmani, who serves as a witness to Zelda's actions. The Lens also show other things Zelda has done and how Link was involved in them. The townsfolk and the soldiers, shocked and enraged, assemble a mob at the castle, bringing justice to Zelda. \n\nBut Zelda has a plan. \n\nKnowing the inevitable, Zelda sent Link to the temple of time and gave him instructions to place the master sword at the pedestal, making him travel back in time to prevent Ganon from being born. Link does this and heads to the dessert in a heartbeat but he meets Kaepora Gaebora, who dissuades him from doing so, unsure of Link's intentions, he tells him how peaceful everything already is and how unecessary his actions are. \n\nAfter repeated 'A' button mashes, Link has an epiphany and instead turns around and decides to go back to the Temple of Time and go to the future, meeting Ganon at the Castle, which is under siege and held by Zelda and her generals along with their elite forces. Link meets up with Ganon and lays down his arms. After Kouma and Kotake inspect him with the Lens of Truth, they decide to allow him to fight on their side. With no magical enchantments or equipment whatsoever except for the corrupted Master sword...\n\nLink climbs Ganon on piggyback (heh) and Ganon climbs all the way up the Castle into the courtroom, where Zelda pierces him with the Bow of Light and he falls off the Castle. She tries to persuade Link back to her side but Link cannot be fooled and so she converts to sheik, blinds him with a deku nut and forces the Fierce Deity mask on him, transforming him into said entity, bolstering his power and turning him into her slave. \n\nLink returns to the wall of the castle and initiates a counter-attack, swiftly neutralizing many forces and scaring off many others. The elite soldiers burst out of the castle and regain control of the town, expelling the army from Hyrule Town and running a police state in the town. \n\nGanon is found in the river by the Zora. Explaining to him the bad news, Ganon tries to rush back to Hyrule Castle but is instead taken back to Kokiri forest to recover, regroup and launch another attack. \n\nThis time the last Skull Kids in existence help him infiltrate Hyrule Castle while the Goron and Gerudo, who withdrew to the dessert, Launched another strike to distract the army. Kouma led the Skull Kids, Kotake led the distracting force. When Ganon and the Skull Kids entered the Courtroom, Fierce Deity showed up and killed the last remaining Skull Kids. \n\nGanon in his pig form used his trident and deflected the bow of light easily and had a long duel with Link, who had unlimited energy due to the powers of his mask. At first somewhat challenged, Ganon managed to turn the tide of battle and absorb Link's triforce of courage. Zelda, with nowhere to hide and no more tricks up her sleeve, also had her triforce absorbed, and Ganon, with a good heart, wished for Zelda to be turned...into a sparrow and for all the races to disperse and go back to their hometown. \n\nAfterwards, Koume and Kotake worked on planting new seeds for Kokiri forest and establish a Hylian settlement there.\n\nFinally, Ganon told Link to go back in time and enjoy his childhood so he can forget about this miserable future, but Link refused and decided to stay so he can be the hero Hyrule truly needs, personally training new cadets and overseeing the reconstruction of the military while Ganon remains king of Hyrule.\n\nAnd then, the Triforce disappears from the world.\n\nThe End. \n\nEDIT: I am still writing down the gameplay aspects since I should do so. I will update this post later.\n\nNow let's move on to the gameplay aspect. \n\nGanon is first and foremost a Gerudo tribesman. Therefore, he does interesting things that Gerudo people do: such as stealing, sneaking, lockpicking, riding around the dessert with a band of Gerudo thieves, climbing walls, climbing ceilings, hiding in the shadows, using light weaponry, and doing all sorts of guerrilla maneuvers. \n\nHe is hyperactive and impulsive as a child, but when he grows older he becomes energetic, agile, strong, very extroverted and confident.\n\nIn the beginning of the game you would have to resort to these since Ganon has not yet fully matured and his powers are latent. They will grow as time goes by, later having access to spears, magical powers, and ability to transform into his pig form followed by his trident. \n\nAlthough he becomes powerful later on, he still has to use these baby skills in order to progress through dungeons while he has more free reign to his powers outside of them. These include: launching phantom Ganon, calling Gerudo thieves at will in order to defend him, distract enemies or infiltrate a fort in Hyrule, hail lightning from above, toss balls of light, use interesting Gerudo martial arts, throwing knives, scimitars, groundpounding and causing a shockwave, using telekinesis to lift and toss opponents, dashing from opponent to opponent, raising a magical barrier, etc.\n\nKoume and Kotake serve as guides but they can also use their magic to assist Ganon in a number of ways, such as teleporting him from place to place, turning him into pig Ganon, assisting him in battle using fire and ice as well as hovering alongside him while he attacks his opponents on horseback.\n\nGanon will be infiltrating dungeons and forts, since he is usually not welcome in towns and cities due to his status as a Gerudo tribesman. \n\nWhile Link is alone in his adventures, Ganon has a range of options when it comes to approaching situations as outlined above. He has skill, he has power, he has lots of support and authority and he has cunning, marking the qualities of a Gerudo Chief. \n\nDungeons become somewhat complex, because Zelda has a habit of interfering during puzzles. You think you are making progress and Zelda then sends you a few steps back and then sends Link to attack you. \n\nFor Example: you are about to enter a room and Zelda raises a barrier, then she sends Link to kill you. Link shows up and attacks you with fire arrows and a clawshot to jump from place to place. The fire arrows block off the spot with fire to prevent Ganon from moving there but Ganon can climb through different paths until he reaches Link and beats the crap out of him with his fists. Link then uses Farore's wind and dissappears. \n\nIn another dungeon, Ganon is standing on a Central Pillar of a room about to obtain the Boss Key from the Chest, but the chest disappears and bridge disappears too, and then the cylindrical-shaped room pops out platforms from the wall at different levels vertically aligned, with each line moving an opposing direction: one line of platforms moves up like a conveyor belt, and the other moves down in the same fashion. The next one and the next one and the next one do the same. Link shows up and starts tossing a gale boomerang at you so you fall off the pillar and Link can throw bombs/bombchus at you while you try to climb your way back up. You would have two options: deflect the gale boomerang back at him to knock him down and proceed to beat the crap out of him or climb up the platforms and then proceed to beat the crap out of him. \n\nIn a third example Link confronts Ganon in a Dungeon with a Skull Hammer and then Shadow Link pops up. Shadow Link pretty much attacks Ganon to distract him while Link tries to strike you down with a Skull Hammer. When Link misses you can proceed to beat the crap out of him. \n\nIn a fourth example Link confronts you in the Gerudo dessert with an armored Epona while Zelda whips up a Sandstorm. After isolating Ganon by attacking the Temple of Spirit, Link attacks you with sword and arrows but he also turns into a wolf. When he does, Epona and wolf Link will attack from the sides. Sometimes Link turns back into human at the last minute to strike you with his sword, sometimes he doesn't. When he does, you can dodge or parry his attacks and proceed to beat the crap out of him. This gets tricky when the sandstorm blinds you. \n\nIn a fifth example Ganon confronts Fierce Deity at the courtroom of hyrule castle. Fierce deity is fast, can throw rays of Light and he can dash into Ganon with ease while Zelda showers you and paralyzes you with the Bow of Light. Soldiers will accompany Link in the battle to distract you. With the trident you would need to time your attacks and dodges right and deflect Zelda's arrow back at Fierce Deity after you dispatched the soldiers. Then you can proceed to beat the crap out of Link in a satisfying manner. \n\nThat's it for now. Tell me what you guys think.\n\nTL;DR Link and Zelda are the bad guys, Zelda much more so, and Ganon is the good guy but Ganon is just a kid from a dessert. Ganon slowly undoes what Zelda did and brings peace to Hyrule. The End."
67mm4j,Leveling System for MMO,"I talked about it in a relevant subs and get a few feedback from it and then it makes me think with considerable amount confidence that my idea could work , or if not I will take more feedback _ So , tell me what you think about it.\n\n___\n\nTOO LONG! DON'T WANT TO READ:\n---\n\nRaw : Level reset every few weeks(or more or accord to dev preferrences) , but many stuff remains since only the level will be reseted.\n\n____\n\nFrom previous feedback ; most said(and agrees-based on upvotes from similar opinion) MMO is always about progressing forward.\n\n____\n\n\nThe problem with current system in my opinion:\n\nIt iss hard to make low level places populated again. \n\nAt max level , people start to look at other activity and eventually burnout(purely personal opinion).\n\nNew expansion focused at end game create a discouraging experience for newbies.\n\nWhen PvP balance kicks in , often they ignore the early gameplay for the affected target. But props to certains games that provides pve and pvp section.\n\nSame as above , but major patch for recent(2013++) games hardly pull an extensive ecosystem balance that affect the game as whole , because most feedbacks and gameplay data is obtained and also for everything beyond early games.\n\n* for this problem some dev goes for sloppy solutions and obliterate the pacing...and obstruct the roleplayability right from the start by overly rewarding the newbies so they wont spot all the blunders and skip straight to the post-early games.\n\n(Retarded opinion)Level locking elements is sooooo 2008. Why would we keep this distracting elements? Even after obtaining some level locked stuffs , lets say a weaponary. You will still need to work on them afterall. Now we have so many options to replace this mechanism. Looking how some instanced stuff under similar system is now dying and mismanaged badly. It is safe to say level locking AND LEVEL REQUIREMENT is a such distracting element for replayability of anything that a game could offer.\n\n* current solution for this matter which often used in many mmo : The normal difficulities for Dungeon A is for level 1 - 3. For Hard is 7- 11 .... and so on. So , Dungeon A will always be busy with players!\n\n---\n\nMy raw suggestion on how to pull it!(like an example)\n\nBasically we want to lower down the level cap , but will carefully assign the experience so it still take a few hours to reach max level solo. Proggression is capped not by level , but how much they can proggress between each reset is locked by level cap. Means , there few things that remains after resetting! In this example , level reset is every two weeks and level capped at 15 and takes 6 days to reach cap solo. End game - realm pvp...\n\n\n\nThe Presumable Pros of Level Reset.\n\n* it can bring the unlimited leveling.\n* quicker access to end game.\n* allowing different direction to leveling ; experimental.\n    * e.g. main quest is branching and always. Doesn't dictate whole leveling speed , can be ignored.\n* and for actual newbies they will always be companied by the experienced!\n* (from my example above) the veteran still a road ahead of everyone else on each reset. And proggression continues for everyone.\n\n"
67mkhx,[Dream] (Long Post) A Zelda game where Ganondorf is played as a good Gerudo kid with the triforce of power while Link and Zelda abuse their triforce powers and lay waste to the land of Hyrule.,[deleted]
67l5d5,An article about copyrighting and how it can used for and against game creators,[What indies need to know about copyrighting](https://www.gbgames.com/articles/indie-legal-copyright-and-trademark/what-an-indie-needs-to-know-about-copyright/)
67kibr,learn-to-code (multi-language?) wizard game,"* The game, a sandbox, should ship with a small virtual machine.\n* The sandboxes are headless servers that are distributed with no networking or graphics *for the player*.  This has to do with expansion and MP deployments, but I don't want to go too far into the details on this.  Developers may understand already why I specify this.\n* The player starts out in a small town as a nobody in some way (page, surf, farmer, whatever).\n* The player meets the town mage, a low-level but knowledgeable elder that notices tallent in the player.\n* The teacher tests the student for aptitude and when they show promise they are promoted to a level suitable with their knowledge.  This can be anything from page to apprentice or even junior mage.\n* Spells are *coded* into a book of magic.  The arts of magic center around concepts like conditionals, loops, list consumption, etc.\n* The player is faced with small challenges at first, such as healing sick villagers, helping farmers plan their crops.  Nothing too hard as they learn the basics.  Generally things like searching strings, inserting and removing from lists, dictionaries and simple objects.\n* As the player's knowledge progresses, the sandbox expands to include multitasking and libraries.  The player searches tomes for pre-existing complex spells (like Sorting, Queue Mangement, Tiling Algorithms) and begins having to manage resources (clock cycles, timing, memory).\n* Once learning is completed, the player is presented with a real challenge scenario: expand your village into a small empire.\n\nOn the road of progression, the player needs to put into practice what they have learned in order to face game AIs as their kingdom/empire grows.  They can build a fort-to-castle-to-city, raise armies, create small automation bots, etc...\n\nHopefully, eventually, they can test their metal against other wizards by sending their own bots out to fight against other wizards and allow other wizards to attack their kingdoms.  This is why the kingdom essentially exists inside a sandbox.  Interpreters are jailed (Java, Javascript, Python, Perl) but just to be safe the entire sandbox is state-saved before introducing anything foreign and can be reset.  Networking is disabled so that the communication (probably REST-based XML but that's not firm) can be as safe as reasonably possible.\n\nFor interpreted languages or JIT languages (Java, Javascript, Perl and Python) the player can code-as-they-cast.  For compiled languages the shell is used to quickly respond to unanticipated changes.  Obviously highly complicated things wouldn't work with this, but for specific interests it would work well.\n\nThoughts?  Comments?  Suggestions?  Hate mail?  All welcome."
67khv3,The tv serie big bang theory in game for pc,[deleted]
67j2ct,3-player-team turn-based tvt,[deleted]
67ikku,A gravity based FPS.,The idea is that with the press of a button can change gravity for you and what you are walking on. So if you are walking in a square hallway you aim at a wall and switch so you are running or standing on that face. It could have a quick time to kill and normal weapon classes.
67h9ph,Combine collectible item key tokens with an RPG game,[deleted]
67emkx,"Challenged to recreate an older game with new life for mobile platform, looking for inspiration.","My teacher has assigned us the challenge of recreating an older game mechanic and implementing it into a game we will make, or adding a new idea into our recreation of an older game. \n\nWe aren't allowed to use Frogger because Crossy Roads is basically a modern adaption of the game. \n\nNor are we allowed to recreate Bejeweled because of Candy Crush. \n\nI just have no inspiration. So I decided to see if anyone has any ideas on what game/mechanic to recreate"
67cyy6,Want to make a top down rougelike kind of like dwarf fortress. Anyone have ideas of the like? (Don't have to be fantasy),I was thinking at first of doing a sci-fi thing in space but I'm not so sure anymore. What are some cool ideas for a top down rougelike that you'd like to see?
67chlt,Last Soul,"Name: Last Soul\nLevels:\nChild: Hard \nTeen: Med.\nAdult: Easy\n\nStory line: \nIts year 3020, a huge disease breaks out and you're the only living human.. at least that's what you think. You are living in the forest striving to survive. As you travel you can also come across deserted villages, hospitals, so on and so forth that you can rummage threw and find things to help you along the way. As you travel you can also come across creatures such as Wolf packs, Bears, Elk, Foxes, and even mysterious creatures you've never seen before. Never go out at night! Keep an eye out for Lone wolves though, you can tame them with meat or maybe something out of your bag that you found back at the villages, tamed wolves will help you in combat and can also help you find food. Your mission is to stay alive and be aware of your surroundings and maybe even find other people, Be careful though.. There are people trying to survive just like you out there that are deadly. \n\nNames of lands, Housing, Villages etc.\nEnchanted Lands\nDark Forest\nMisty View\nDead Lands\nThe Deadly Visit\nHospital Drive\nTracking Mountain\nRino Peak\nSinners View\nVin County\nTerks Place\nMeeks Cafe\nMamas Cook house\nCTV Pharmacy \nVin Hospital\nVin Village\nCarries Country Inn\nVin Church \nLiving Lands\nGoods Lane\nRanking Village \nRanking Park\nVooms Feild\nTykes Enchanted forest \nForest dunes\nLittlekins Lake\nHenders Lake \nMeeks Pond \nShadows End \n\nAlso have awesome graphics and music in the back like Ambient Fantasy Music and the map to be pretty big as well! "
67c89u,Musical Simulation game,"Like a Kairosoft style game maybe, where you run an orchestra or something like that, and audition and hire musicians for different instruments and parts and choose songs, build concert halls, etc. It would be epic! It could even have a sort of things like in FIFA or Madden where you choose your lineup or reserves, in this game that could be chairs and backups. So cool!!!!1!!1!!!"
67bny2,Human Evolution,"I HAVE JUST THOUGHT ABOUT A GAME THAT I WOULD BUY ANY DAY BUT AND WOULD WANT TO PLAY EVERYDAY.\n\nA GAME MUCH LIKE 'THE SIMS' BUT BETTER LIKE A WOLRD STARTING OVER FROM SCRATCH, WHERE YOU START OUT AS A MONEY OR APE, AND SEARCH FOR FOOD BUT YOU FIND STRANGE THINGS AND GET ""MISSIONS"" WHERE YOU HAVE TO SEARCH FOR THINGS SO THAT YOU CAN EVOLVE, OR EVOVLE THE FUTURE. AS A MONKEY YOU INVENT FIRE AND LATER YOU CAN HAVE THE OPTION TO BECOME A CAVE MAN OR I DONT KNOW LIKE OR YOUR MONKEY GETS OLD AND YOU HAVE TO BE ANOTHER YOUNGER APE NOW OR MAYBE YOUR APE HAD BABIES AND NOW YOU CAN BE HIS SON OR DAUGHTER AND MOVE ON WITH THE FAMILY AND INVENT NEW THINGS LIKE A FIRE OR I THINK THAT HAPPENS TO THE CAVEMEN BUT YEAH AND THEN LATER ON THEY BECOME HUMANS AND IT SHOULD BE LIKE AN ONLINE GAME WHERE WE ALL GET TO BE THE INVENTERS AND EVERYDAY YOU GET LIKE A MESSAGE SAYING THAT 'PETERSCOTT112 HAS JUST INVENTED ELECTRICITY' WHILE YOU ARE BUSY INVENTING SOMETHING ELSE LIKE A NEW RECIPY. I DONT KNOW MUCH ABOUT GAMING I ONLY PLAY A LOT OF SIMS BUT THIS WOULD BE AN AWESOME GAME. IT WOULD BE NICE IF IT CAN BE A LONG GAME LIKE ALL THE WAY TO THE FUTURE BUT I BET ITS HARD TO CREATE SOMETHING LIKE THIS. I HOPE ITS POSSIBLE."
67aont,ITEMLESS MOBA. MORE ABILITY UPGRADES BASED!!!,"So i had this idea. What if someone make a moba with no items just abilities. It works this way.\n\n1. There would be classes like archer, warrior, priest, sorcerer, etc.\n\n2. Each class would have their own abilities per level. Say at level 1 there are 3 available abilities which are still weak.\n\nAt level 2, new 3 abilities would be available.\n\n3. The 4th ability would only be available at levels 6, 12 and 18. New for each levels.\n\nThe fun part is to mix and match abilities from different levels!!! You can combo different skills from different levels. With this concept, players would have different styles even with the same class!!!\n\nItems can be included depending on the developer's preference. But imo items should be like aid only to the spells. It would be like diablo, there would be equipable headgear, shoes, shirts, etc. Please comment.\n\nAlso you can change abilities every 3 minutes. So clashes would be fun!!!!\n\nAh!!Also changing abilities costs money!! You can also upgrade abilities by spending gold!!!!\n"
679tqw,Zombie survival/strategy ARG (augmented reality game) played on a real world map,"This isn't a super fleshed out idea, but the idea came about as  a mash-up idea:\n\n1. First part from seeing the Pacman game that was playable on a google maps location of the user's specification, where it turned the streets into the game grid and populated it with the pacman character and ghosts and pellets.\n2. Second part from a multi-player game I vaguely remember where you played online and had a post-apocalyptic city where you would roam and get supplies and take it back to a base, and there was other stuff but I forget. Or maybe it was zombies and not post-apocalyptic, I just remember there was a scavenging element and some safe bases.\n\n**Edited to add:** Now that I think about it there's a #3, the idea is like how you build up the settlements in Fallout 4. Though really, the 'resources of different types to collect' is pretty common to all strategy games.\n\nPremise is some zombie-infested landscape that the user needs to build a community to survive. \n\nLet the user specify a city area to play, using Google Maps. It'd need to be an urban area to have a diverse set of buildings, so it'd have to be somewhat restricted. Anyway, the Google map is the game world. They pick one (or more?) bases to establish, where they want to build their community. It then becomes a resource-gathering games, the base will have stats in different areas (medical capacity, morale, food capacity, etc.) and number of people inhabiting it. You go out and scavenge for things in the google maps area, where the resources/people you find depends on the type of buildings you go to. Need food? Go to grocery stores. Need medics? Go to a hospital. \n\nI think the google maps api should let you discern the street grid that can be traveled, and the type of buildings available, and where. Assuming so, you could map supplies and the probabilities/quantities to the building types. If the APIs let you pull out street views or photos of the areas, you can mix those and the supplies into some sort of view to personalize it more, and of course, use the real-world place names. \n\nThen zombies would add another survival aspect, maybe you encounter them on the road and have to fight them or they assault the base or whatever, I was thinking more strategy than action though.\n\nHeck, if you got ambitious you could make it multi-player and let people form bases together to cooperate, or to raid other factions."
677pkf,Deep Sea Exploration Game,A game in which you play as a marine researcher piloting a submarine to explore a small section of the deep sea and catalog the life. You start off at sea level and can descend all the way down to the deep dark bottom with its incredibly alien life. the objective of the game would be to find every species in the game.
67777c,Battle Butterflies Improved,Instead of being the buttefly...\n\n...you are on a team of shrunken humans piloting a butterfly-sized mechanical butterfly drone. Think *Guns of Icarus* but the setting is a park instead of mountains and fjords.
676dr6,Starship Armada,"# Game's Goal\nI have always been drawn to games that involve a mix of design and planning. Games like:\n\n * SimCity - design a sprawling city that support millions of inhabitants and businesses\n * Rollercoaster Tycoon - design a theme park and rollercoasters that look great, don't kill visitors and make visitors happy\n * Prison Architect - design a working prison where prisoners are happy, don't escape and are rehabilitated\n * Robocraft - design a fighting robot craft and pit them against other crafts in combat.\n\nIn similar vein, I have always wanted to **design my own great looking spaceships and see how well they perform** in combat and in other unexpected situations. \n\nI know of 3 current games that sort of fulfill different aspects of this desire. Namely Space Engineers, Starmade and Starship Corporation. The problem is they each have different problems that results in a game that doesn't quite satisfy my desires. \n\n# Space Engineers and Starmade, Not good for ship building\n\nThese two games takes a minecraft-like approach, allowing you to build starships using a block by block approach. \n\n##Pros:\n * Great for putting in details and minutiae \n * Allows you to make the ship look exactly how you want\n \n##Cons:\n * Can easily get bogged down in small details like routing conveyors in SE\n * Waste a lot of time maneuvering around the ship to place blocks\n * Only way to get a big picture view of the entire ship is to fly far away to take a look, then fly back in to make changes. Big time waster.\n * Difficult to modify a ship once it's built. \n   * Components are hidden underneath solid blocks and you quickly forget where they are\n   * Major changes require cutting and deleting big chunks of the ship and rebuilding from scratch. \n\nI feel this block-by-block approach is too ""low level"" and is not the best way to create a ship building game. Despite having spent years building lots of ships in SE, I have never built a ship that balance the great looks and functionality that I want out of my ships. As a result these two games have never truly satisfied my ship building itch.\n\n#Starship Corporation\n\nStarship Corporation uses a completely different approach to ship building. As a player, you are given an ship hull without any interior and your goal is to layout the ship's interior using a deck-by-deck editor. I think this deck editor is a great interface for building the interiors of the ship and it is something I want to keep for my ship building game. \n\nThe downside of Starship Corporation is there is no way to change the ship's shape or exterior look. Also, the ""Corporation"" aspect of designing and selling ships do not appeal to me. I want to see my ships in action, taking actual damage and seeing how well they perform under pressure. \n\n#My ideal Starship Armada game\nSo here is what I am proposing. Make the following changes that would turn Starship Corporation into Starship Armada:\n\n * Keep the deck by deck Ship Interior Editor, with a few changes\n   * Player can make each deck be of any shape or size\n      * This controls the ship's overall shape. \n      * You design the ship with 10 decks and every deck is 10x10 blocks in size, you end up with a cube ship. \n      * You design the ship with 5 decks and every deck is 10x5 blocks in size, you end up with a rectangular ship. \n   * Include rules that ensure ships will have unique shapes (I don't want every player to build cubical or rectangular ships). For example,\n      * Star Trek's ""Warp nacelles must be unobstructed and have line of sight from each other""\n      * Some component blocks emit harmful radiation, and crew quarter blocks must be at least x blocks away from these component blocks\n      * Some component blocks, eg torpedo launchers, must be forward facing\n      * Some component blocks, eg thrusters, must be rear facing\n      * Component blocks are operated by crew, so ships with more component blocks require more crew quarters\n * Add a Ship Exterior Editor\n      * The overall look of the ship is dependent on the interior deck layout. \n      * The exterior editor's role is to refine that shape\n         * Add slopes and curved surfaces to the ship's hull\n         * Slap on decorative greeblies (windows, airlocks, machinery, lights) to make ship look more detailed\n         * Paint the ship hull with different colors\n * Replace the ""Corporation"" game with a fleet command game. I don't want to sell ships, I want to command them, send them into combat. \n    * It can be as simple as Gratuitous Space Battles where I pit my fleet of ships against an enemy fleet (or another player's fleet) in a 2D field\n    * Or it could be as complex as Homeworld, having an storyline spread over many missions, having to gather resources to build ships, having 3D ship combat\n"
676c6f,Ski Resort Game?,"There's this game on Steam called ""Ski Park Tycoon"" but it is somewhat limited in terms of content and the graphics suck. I don't know about everyone else, but a game like RCT with ski resorts instead of amusement parks would be so cool. If anyone has played Ski Resort Tycoon they can relate."
6762cz,How do you think a social media simulator would go down?,"So say you had a flash game, and the whole point was to build up your ranks and profit from social media. How do you think this would all go down? What would you want to have in the game to make it rounded and fun?"
674uce,2D Evolution Game,"My idea is a 2D game where, within a finite region of space, there are lots of asexual species around the map with a series of attributes. These attributes are randomly and slightly modified each time they reproduce (again, asexually). I think the creatures would be modelled like bacteria\n\nReproduction/Evolution:\nTo reproduce, the creature requires a certain amount of a few given materials within the environment. The higher complexity of a given trait in a creature requires more of a certain material from the environment. Once a creature has enough of all of the materials, they will spawn a new creature with slightly different attributes to itself.\n\nAttributes:\nEach creature will have a series of these. Attributes define the basic size of the creature (and hence health), its additional body parts (including defences and movement). Inside every creature is also a nucleus. Attributes attached to the nucleus define how the creature moves and interacts with other creatures (so where it targets the other creature to try to kill it). The creature instantly dies should the nucleus take damage. \n\nThere will also be plant life (kinda) in the sense that there will be static objects which only exist as a means of spawning new materials and energy into the system as time progresses. I also think that the plant-life should be able to evolve but in a more restrictive manner.\n\nThe player would have different capabilities. A player gets full control over each limb of it's creature BUT only gets one genetic line (once a child is spawned you gain control of only the child). However, upon death, you can take control of any living creature to keep on going. You should also be able to just observe if you wish and whilst in this mode, be able to see all the various raw bits of data of any creature along with potentially some statistical data available including the total energy within the game and how common each attribute is.\n\nSo, /r/gameideas, what do you think? \n\n(I'm new here and don't know how to flair, or what to flair this as, but I plan on making this as a project)."
673lld,Pathogen Kombat,"Game where you can choose between real viruses, bacteria etc to battle against each other in a mortal kombat style game.\n\nExample: Streptococcus vs Staphillococcus, Trypanossoma Cruzi vs Treponema Pallidum, etc\n\n"
672yxn,"Ideas for Papers, Please Style Game?","I've been watching a couple games similar to Papers, Please lately (Peace Death and The Aftermath) and it's inspired me to create my own Papers, Please style game, however, I don't have any ideas. I would love to hear any ideas that you may have and I would love to bring them to life! Thanks!"
672clz,Poly Themed Battle Royale,"Recently games like H1Z1 and Player Unknowns Battlegrounds and now Last Man Standing (Downloading rn) have come to my attention, these games are all alike though and I think a poly (right word?) themed game would be cool.\n\n* http://store.steampowered.com/app/310370/\n* http://store.steampowered.com/app/304930/\n\nThese games are great examples.\n\nI think this would be great for the following reasons\n\n* Less powerful PC's can run it (ME!) all these current games are quite power intensive.\n\n* More casual\n\n* Gain popularity - These games are doing extremely well with only about 4 of them out at the moment, the game could start as a free to play and move up to like 5$ (£4)\n\nWouldn't be Good\n\n* Would need severe changes to the other games to make it better - Crafting, More vehicle types, interactive maps.\n\n* Would need a popularity boost\n\n* With these games becomming so popular, there needs to be a reason to use this game over H1Z1 or Player Unknowns.\n\nThanks for reading, if you do decide to make this, add me on steam, I have some great ideas.\n\n\nhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/CroftNetwork/"
671j4k,Ninja RPG Game,"Basically a ninja game set in around 13th century Japan.\nStory will revolve around the protagonist Ninja from his childhood to adulthood, and of course its a RPG game so there will be RPG elements as well."
671hwb,Nothing,[deleted]
670zuj,Update Idea for Rust,"You could make a recycler, but you would have to use a research table, and you would have to go to a special thing somewhere and find the blueprint frags"
670nmi,Our wings - (Space agency simulation game).,"After evolving into intelligent creatures, after numbers of advancements on science and technology, humans prepare for one of the most important step in their history. The next step on the evolution of life: **Going outside their home planet.**\n\n\nHere you take control of a anonymous space agency by managing their resources. Your goal is to create the pillars of space travel by **researching and developing** the required technology to send humans to space. Here's the mechanics:\n\n*****\n\n**RESEARCHING** : You tell to the Research Team to do a research of a certain topic or focus, so you can make ""blueprints"" based on that research. There are plenty of ideas and/or angles to investigate, but your funds are limited so choose wisely. You can always check the news to have new ideas.\n\n*****\n\n**DEVELOPING** : This is divided into two parts:\n\n**Part 1**: You gave to the Development Team ""blueprints"" of what they should develop. Those ""blueprints"" are based on what tech or idea you have researched before. The development will consume time and resources, so only develop the ideas you think will suceed. Remember: Start small.\n\n\n**Part 2**: Once the machinery is ready, the tests start. Depending of what technology was created, the time and risks can vary. If the test(s) suceed, you could either go to DEPLOYMENT phase or sell your information in exchange of resources. If the test(s) fail(s), you will lose resources, and if a human dies on them, you will lose MORE. **NOTE**: If the tests fails, is possible that future tests will suceed due to information feedback. Once the tests have finished, it will begin a mini-phase called MAINTENANCE.\n\n**MAINTENANCE**: In this mini-phase, both researchers and developers will begin to look for flaws on the created technology. The more time they spend there, more probable that they're going to find a flaw, but will slowly consume resources.\n\n*****\n\n**DEPLOYMENT**: Once the tests have suceeded, you can bet all and deploy your technology. Here all your progress will be transmitted on-live around the country. You could either choose to be non-tripulate or man-tripulate, the first will save you resources and credibility if something goes wrong, and the second will finish the game if suceed. If an accident occurs on this phase, you will lose resources and credibility (less credibility = more difficult to sell technology), so only do it if you really-really know  that is going to work.\n\n*****\n\nAnd so that's it. I'm open to more suggestions."
670gt8,IRL Frogger or chicken-crosses-the-road game (GIF inside),"This GIF https://i.imgur.com/mX4UyUc.gifv  \nshows an intersection in Ethiopia with no traffic lights.\n\n(From [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/oddlysatisfying/comments/66wjx0/intersection_in_ethiopia_with_no_traffic_lights/) post.)\n\nHaven't seen a cross-the-road game yet with anything but the simple Frogger configuration. What about an InRealLife version of such a game? Could even use relatively complex simulation instead of simple predefined rhythm.\n\nPossibly even with a campaign. Start in a New York side street, end up in Ethiopia.\n\nReward in the end: A good answer to the question why the chicken crossed the road. (Double meaning: 1) The answer. 2) Explanation why *your avatar* went through all that trouble.)"
670fdt,A game where you read books.,This is basically a game where you read e-books and become more intelligent to the point of considering suicide.
6702p6,New wrestling game,"I know the idea has been used but a backyard wrestling game But use a different name And make it more realistic and have online play put rings, trampolines, on it with a lot of weapons and match types. backyard wrestling is quite popular it would be a big seller"
699rjo,How would I categorize this game?,"I'm developing a game but I don't know how to categorize it, well it's action but I don't know how to express the ""game idea"", my hero stay static in the middle of the scenery and tap to attack the enemies. Anyone know how should I call this game style?\n\nExamples: Towaga, Hero Life\n\nI'm really enjoying the development of this game, so if you know some another example, comment! :D"
696eby,Butlerspace mechanics request,"You're a butler. You have to be omniscient and omnipresent so as to do whatever your masters want, whenever they want. \n\nHow do you find out that they need you without being visible? \n\nHow do you get to the room they're in without walking in through the door or otherwise being noticed until you're right in front of them? "
694hnh,Hunger Games game (A lot of info),"Recently I started writing out the plan for a hunger games game. I have over 16 pages and 7,000 words of information. Please let me know what you think. You can comment both on the document and on this post.\n\nhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1Piz5b0k7OW6QcPWfF5LnxS4tAoF-8PXj2YIwLTY7IJo/edit?usp=sharing"
692yz6,vr perfection,"vr perfection\nmake a helmet with a screen on the inside game pack cartridge, camera, and motion sensors on outside\nuse a digital pedometer to make a random encounter that is like walking in tall  grass on pokemon with a wireless gun to link to the game to kill enemies that appear in random encounter the screen with no enemies will show your surroundings via the camera use the motion sensors to allow you to turn around without losing whats on the screen allowing you to put it on turn it on and walk around and play the game the game pack cartridge is to allow various programmed creatures just pop in what you want to fight and go hunting also various guns should be made for versital \ncombat\npedometer vs gps\npedometer is not ran off internet making it easier to use and more reliable\ngps is ran on internet speeds, services,and gameplay will fluctuate with reliability\nmaking the pedometer the very clear choice\nremember game background must be linked to the camera so you can see your surroundings"
692m12,4d reality,"4th dimension realty game - project a game through a vortex generator to physically create a parallel universe with in our own... think a vortex generator generates a black hole, a void of empty time, space, and matter, use the vortex as an entryway ... what can cover any span of time, space, and matter... data -which is used by programing it to create a 3d universe that has been programmed with everything humans need to survive  and a story, like an rpg, within said vortex that not only looks real but feels real and that you can physically enter however as data made everything in said universe it theoretically can not cross back to this dimension, because the data is no longer accessible.\nmarketing - just like a theme park.\n"
692h57,A political nation sim,"My game would be a combination of games like Tropico , cities skylines ,and any open world game.There will be several layers in this game.First level would be build up you countries land in a map creator, and then you are put in that world to be able to build up the cities in your country, and the last layer would be a possibility to walk around and explore your country and potentially go to war with other nations in your world.This would be an online game where you would border other people and could potentially take territory from them for you or vice versa .And of course there would be diplomacy with others ,trade , allies,etc."
68v6zv,Need Idea for 3D Side Scroller,"Hi!\n\nFirst off, thanks for clicking on this post and possibly sharing an idea of yours! I'm a solo dev with experience in modeling, programming and graphic design and I want to take on a 3D side scroller. I want it to be highly story driven (which will be up to me unless you have an idea for a story), but I need some help thinking of a good idea for the game. Take Little Nightmares for example, the concept was that you were small compared to normal sized objects. I'm looking for something like that. Whether this game is horror or not, it doesn't really matter all that much to me. If you have any ideas, please don't hesitate to post them here! I appreciate you reading thus far. Have a nice day :)"
68v1uw,Need idea on a game for business.,"My project is to develop a creative introduction to business review game that can be a board game or online. It should include challenges, obstacles and risks. Thanks."
68u7xg,Looking for a unique concept or story for a 2D parallax fantasy game.,"I'm a 16 y/o and I recently brought together a talented team to make a new Android game. I'm in charge of story and narrative, but I can't think of any unique ideas. I want this to be story based, and the core mechanics of the game should be interesting and not boring. Any ideas?"
68ssfa,Looking for idea for Local Multiplayer 2D Platformer,"I've just started coding a local multiplayer platformer.  I've got the general mechanics working (multiplayer using Gamepads &amp; keyboard, sprites jumping around platforms, enemies walking around), but now I'm stuck for the actual game mechanics.  Any suggestions for something simple that would be fun?  The only prerequisite is that the play area should be small (i.e. ~1 screen big), since if the players move apart too far, the camera can't follow both of them!\n\nThanks!"
68sk57,"FPS - Instead of highly-scripted levels, have competing armies of AIs fighting one another with non-determined (but weighed against the player's team) outcome. If the player dies, instead of reloading, take control of a friendly AI teammate. No regenerating health.","I know I'm not the first person to suggest such a thing.  This is essentially the opposite of the Call of Duty formula where **emergence** and **fragility** are core tenets, as opposed to tightly scripted spectacle."
68ri5o,A fresh idea for Battle Royale genre,"So I got myself a concept and I want you guys to check it out. It's for another battle royale game, and I'm trying to bring something fresh into the genre.\n\nIt's basically something like a mix of Evolve, S.T.A.L.K.E.R. and Republic Commando.\n\nDuring the game's session, 2 teams spawn in a middle-size map (1x1km) and instead of just killing each other, they complete objectives: defending a point, looking for an artifact and securing it (escort mission), life race for anti-rad cure, etc. You still kill enemies, but there's a respawn in the game (though you lose all equipment you gathered).\n\nWhen players spawn, they have a shitty equipment, that could be modified via looting &amp; crafting. You can also craft ammo, medkits or power-ups. It works like Resident Evil's combining system, with inventory having limited slots for materials. Weapon can also jam, if it's qiality is poor, and you need to rapidly smash reload button to un-jam it. Weapond also breaks during the usage and you need to repair it, using same drag-n-drop mechanics.\n\nCharacters represented as... well, characters, with perks, specific skills, story and appearance. They are also split into 2 factions - Raiders and Stalkers. Stalkers are, basically, a military force that investigates and seaches for anomalies to protect civilians, while Raiders are ex-military forces that struggle to collect artifacts for themselves. Playing a character of one faction will tie you with other characters of this faction.\n\nIn terms of HP, there are different types of damage in game: physical, energy, radiation, environmental, etc. In order to heal everything, player needs to craft and use bandages, cures, medkits, and other stuff.\n\nI also have some more ideas that needs testing before implementing:\n\n- Make anomaly search a mini-game with map and radar (basically how Archeology works in WoW)\n\n- Create an aggro system, similar to the one that Army of Two had, but redisgned for PvP\n\n- Giving orders to a group, battle formation and group/solo bonuses (reading a Deathwatch Roleplaying Rulebook for insipartion)\n\nThat's basically looks more like team-based Battle Royale, with objectives, crafting and character classes. Please tell me what you think about it and do you think it's worth trying to make it."
68mb2x,Yomo - An Epic Tile Adventure Game Yomo,
68l0cy,Space Company Tycoon,"This has always rather bugged me. We all has seen the Tycoon games; railroads, airlines, rollercoaster and being the manager of a business is an enjoyable pass-time.\n\nWhich is why it bugs me to have not found a graphically decent, business-focused, galaxy-spanning, space business game. Major inspirations are mainly Star Wars companies like Kuat Drive Yards, the Trade Federation and all the Star Wars crime gangs. \n\nIt would be fun to dip fingers in ship-building, cargo-hauling, arms/ armour manufacturing, and illegal activities (drugs, smuggling, prostitution, kidnapping and bribery+blackmail etc). "
68ktkc,Team based shooter idea,[deleted]
68k8g2,Working on a 1v1 'Lemmings'-style game. Could use some feedback.,"As the title says, I'm working on a versus multiplayer game based around the original Lemmings game.\n\nYou play as an evil wizard who's trying to gather a hoard of minions to use to take over the world. The only problem is that your wizard Arch nemesis (player 2) is also attempting to recruit the same minions. Using spells that mimic similar abilities as the original game (blockers, lower gravity, etc.), you must redirect the minions to your mage tower before P.2 redirects them to theirs.\n\nI'm open to any and all suggestions, but what I'm currently trying to decide on is one of the following:\n\n1.)  Each player has their own designated (respawnable) minions.\n\n2.) There is only one set of (respawnable) minions which are not loyal to either player.\n\nI feel that #1 opens up more opportunity for sabatoge from an enemy wizard, or even fighting between minions. While #2 would make guiding the minions more difficult due to increased competition per minion. Sabatoge could also occur during #2 in the event that a minion gets too close to an enemy tower.\n\nThoughts?\n\nThanks!"
68hn09,Would you guys be interested in a chill 15-30 minute 2d auto scrolling shooter?,"This is gonna be my first game, so I want to start with something simple. The story is that your playing as a creature of a dying alien race, and that you're being invaded. You have to defend your home base with the help of a new piece of technology. \n\nThe game won't be difficult, but if you let a certain amount of enemies get past you, you'll have to start over. This will be free, but I'm just wondering how many people would like to play this game. \n\nIf you're having trouble imagining this game, think Kirby super star's starship section. "
68ggtr,SOCIAL IMPACT GAME NEED IDEA!,"Hey guys I have to make a game for my university project. The game must have a social impact, so if anyone can give me some ideas ill appreciate thank you!"
68by68,Project DED: A mobile MMO,"Project Name: Digitally Exorcising Demons (DED)\n\nPremise:  The world as we know it exists closely connected to another, the realm of Demons.  At times, these demons are able to latch on to the excess energy that exists throughout the world, compounded now in the digital age.  Demons latch onto this digital energy, and rip open portals into our world.  The player, as an exorcist, is tasked with defeating any and all demons that break through, exorcising them, and keeping the world safe.\n\nGameplay:  As an exorcist, you are gifted with the inherent magical ability to summon and control demons.  At level one, you have a base, low level demon.  As you play through the game, you as an exorcist level up, increasing the level of demon you can control.  Additionally, your demon levels up through battles, and can evolve and grow stronger through demonic fusion, or demonic evolution.  You gain experience for your character, and your demon, through random encounters which occur as demons rip open holes into our world, requiring exorcists to stop them.  Exorcists can work solo, or team up with local exorcists, in order to battle demons who break through, and try to harness the demon’s power, or exorcise them.  \n\nAs players level up, their demonic control increases (from 1, to 2, etc) which corresponds with the total level of demons they can manage.  (I.E. a level five exorcist can control five level one demons, a single level 5 demon, or any combination that equals five).  Your demons, which you control in battle, have a health bar, stamina bar, and mana bar, and each demon type/class has skills and abilities which utilize these stats.  Battles are basic, turn based combat against the demons which appear in the world, with the exorcist giving orders to their demon.  When enemy demons are weakened, exorcist can ‘exorcise’ the demon, getting the most experience from the battle for themselves and their demons, or can choose to attempt to capture the demon.  In doing so, they get less experience, but gain another demon companion (as long as they have the demonic control points for them).  At any time, exorcist can combine their demons through Demonic fusion, which will change the demon they currently have, creating a new, more powerful demon.  Different combinations will lead to different types/classes of demons.  However, an exorcist will not be able to fuse demons if their combined power would exceed their current demonic control level.  Additionally, when demons reach a certain amount of experience, an exorcist can choose to have the demon evolve along an evolutionary tree, which will increase the demons level/stats accordingly.  \n\nIn order to aid in their quest to rid the world of all demons, exorcists will find ‘exorcist cache’s’ around the world, which are regularly replenished with items that can replenish their demon’s health, stamina, mana, as well as revive demons who may have fallen in battle.  Exorcists additionally have their own mana pool, which they can use to revive their demons, heal them, and replenish their stamina/mana.  Of note, exorcists can also use their mana to aid in battle, and mana is needed in order to cast the spell that would allow them to capture demons.  All bars (health, mana, stamina) recover over time otherwise.\n\nExorcists can battle each other’s demons, as well as trade demons with each other.  Additionally, Demonic Lords have the ability to spawn (with a warning given to players in a set radius, counting down their appearance).  During this time, exorcists may form join together, and battle against the Demonic Lord.  Otherwise, smaller demonic rifts periodically open up, releasing various levels and types of demons.  Demons can enter our world at varying strengths, and will be color coded to ensure an exorcist knows what they are battling.  A green demon is below their current exorcist level, yellow is equal, and red is above.  When players are battling demons on their own, a red can be up to 5 levels higher, and a green can be up to 5 levels lower, whereas as yellow is within 1 level up or down. \n\nUpon completion of battles, players not only receive experience for themselves and their demons, but additionally a digital, in game currency.  This currency can be used to purchase various items, which can be used at exorcism shops, to purchase in game items to assist in their quest to become the strongest exorcist, and save the world.  Players can also trade in game items, and currency, as well as trade currency/items for demons.  \n\nPlayers will have the option to purchase a monthly subscription for the game.  This subscription grants them discounts in the stores, and increases cache items.  They will also have the ability to purchase items that free to play players have to get from battles/caches. "
68bv3m,Chain Gang,A multiplayer game where players are grouped together as chain gangs and have to complete tasks as a group. Or perhaps fight other gangs.
68bhch,Business Tycoon + Family Drama,"I wish there was a game like any other business tycoon, but you also had to juggle between work and family. Marriage a d divorce, keeping up with kids, and things like that.\n\nAt the end, there would be a big inheritance issue to go through."
68b8q3,Need ideas on simple gravity-based space combat,"Many years ago, I found a game in examples that comes with Pascal IDE. It's a Star Trek game with the following rules:\n\n* Battle happens on 2D map.\n* One player, one enemy, each is fixed at the opposite side of the map.\n* There are planets and moons fixed on the map. All celestial bodies have gravity.\n* Player will have to shoot torpedo at the enemy, but only able to set the initial velocity and initial firing direction of the torpedo, the rest depends on gravity.\n* Torpedo can turn around and hit player.\n* One hit one kill.\n\nI managed to re-implement this game on Unity. Here's the result: http://imgur.com/a/6OyuT\n\nI'm planning on extending the game with:\n\n* 3D map.\n* Asteroid belts - acts as walls, can also provides very small gravity.\n* Blackholes.\n* Moon oribits planet, ship orbits celetial body.\n* An explaination that this is stealth mission so guidance and emission have to be turn off.\n* Torpedo can be replaced with boarding party.\n* Phaser weapon - where the beam can be bended by gravity, planet's atmostphere or crystal structure (ice).\n* Game mode: assasination - with silent torpedo.\n* Game mode: low profile - enemy ship can periodically scan the area, player must do the timing so that torpedo will be behind an obstacle when the enemy is scanning.\n* Game mode: time attack - enemy ship will be wrapping out as soon as torpedo is fired, player has to hit the enemy with the shortest time as possible.\n* Many more...\n\nIt seems to be a little bit boring, there only one goal: to destroy enemy ship. I think I need something different to make this game more interesting."
68aqwy,Voxel-Based Blood Painting Mechanics,"II know that voxel-based blood is- atleast for the most part- already a thing in video games- as in, the spot where blood lands/is drawn is where it goes, so when you slash an enemy in the arm, they don't start spurting blood from their stomach, and when you shoot them in the foot, blood doesn't fly onto the wall, and instead goes onto the floor. But what I propose is a mechanic- well, not really a mechanic, more of a cosmetic change- that causes any blood that is spattered on the player's character to stay there unless the player chooses to clean it off. Maybe there'll be a mechanic where it fades if you have it on long enough, in different ways, depending on the material, but if you're enough of a madman to paint your whole blade red with blood, you're probably gonna paint it so often that it never fades for very long. It adds a level of realism, and it'd add a very interesting alternative to dyeing your stuff- Why buy a 50$ jar of red paint, when you could just bathe your hood in the blood of your enemies? Of course, certain enemies would bleed different liquids, with different colors and properties- One kind would bleed a green acid that dissipates quickly on its own, but essentially deletes the substance it lands on and fades fabric permanently until you repair it, one kind would bleed plain red blood that fades depending on the fabric within a matter of twenty minutes in real-time (which is about two hours in-game) and washes out pretty easily in water, one would bleed an oily substance that is stupidly hard to wash out, but leaves your clothes mostly intact, etc.\nI don't think anyone should waste time putting this into a game, but it would definitely be cool to see it happen."
68aqn3,Stuck between two concepts,"Me and a friend have been making concepts and prototypes for years now, all of them being just mere demos that we would play for laughs. \n\nRecently we've been wanting to make something much more substantial and maybe even a product we could sell. However we've been a little stuck on which concept to pursue. \n\nThe first idea we have is an online 3rd person based multiplayer shooter but being peer to peer,\nwith the movement of Tribes Ascend with the ""Skiing-esque"" mechanic or some parkour abilities on some expansive standard geometric terrain with full on anime waifus. Each character having a specific gun and ability bit like a MOBA, but being heavily stylized graphically. The game would have TDM, CTF, DM and others \n\nThe second idea, a horror game where you play a serial killer being plagued by a mischievous and down right malevolent entity following you, an ""unreliable narrator"" of sorts but masterminding the events that play out, forcing you to commit the acts and sometimes tricking you into doing so. It would be in first person with stealth mechanics and would be much higher in graphic fidelity since the scale would be much smaller, however it would be linear. \n\nBoth would be fun and quite interesting to make, but we're looking for the popular vote here really. I know one is easier than the other to create quite easily however its not simplicity we're looking for entirely.\n\nAny suggestion/critique would be appreciated. "
688obq,A very simple game that may inspire someone,"A game where you have to keep you fingers on 2 tracks that are generated and scroll independently. The track complexity and speed increase overtime\n\nOut of boredom, I did a demo of the idea on a rainy afternoon, mostly because I wanted to try the android publishing flow. \n\nYou can try it here\nhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.BrainSplit.brainsplit\n\nHopefully someone will be able to get the idea somewhere !\n"
687uzz,A kind of gaming idea...,"These ideas just came to me and they're pretty difficult to explain...:( The idea is to use your mobile phone as a controller for a console(eg:PlayStation), along with another person, who also has a phone... \n\nThe game should be split between the phone and the console... Part of the game can be played on the mobile phone itself, and part of it on the console, but you need to use them both to play the full game, or to enjoy the complete gaming experience...:)\n\nThe game could simultaneously exist on these two platforms, and you could independently play it, but some elements(and new features) can only appear when you mix the two mediums..."
686mkw,Radioactive:Our Fallen,"Title: ”Radioactive: Our Fallen.” \nBy: Anonymous\nTime:2019-2022\nStory/Setting: It takes place in Nordrhein, Germany  . You are part of an army unit sent here to help people in Germany that have been nuked together with about half of Europe.\nUnfortunately most of the residents have been infected with a fungus that was helped evolve due to the radioactivity. The fungus is airborne and controls the brain like a zombie disease. You and your unit are left stranded after having lost contact to any backup whatsoever and losing the pilot after landing due to a “zombie” after it tore him apart. The unit consists of 38 people and your job is to keep them alive and find any remaining survivors in Germany. You scavenge in the ruins for things like crafting materials, clothing, food, and ammunition.\nNuke background story: The nuke was the result of an accident \nIn the military base of Pristina, Kosovo. Scientists were thinking a supposedly “safe” way to destroy nukes while they are in the air about to attack. Of course, it resulted in a fail.\nFungus background story: There was an already existing fungus which ad symptoms of hallucination and sleepwalking. It affected solely the brain. The radioactivity evolved it making it easier to spread, longer lasting, and more effective. This fungus was quickly being spread around Germany and the Balkan states.\nCharacter background story: Your name is AJ W. Wilson(Anthony junior) Caucasian male 23, engaged to Nora Shepherd no kids. You finished 4-year community college and lived in Delaware before you joined the army. That covers the whole storyline. In game crafting and items are up to you. For the background music I was thinking  slow rock or something relaxing until you enter battle. For the “zombies” I think there should be different tiers like Berserker and Peasant to name a few.\n"
6ae7x8,Game with Shapeshifting as the core mechanic.,"I would like to see a survival/stealth game where the core game mechanic is shapeshifting. You are a creature that can shapeshift to take on the identities of others, but are being hunted by the scientist that created you. \n\nYou have to use your abilities to infiltrate areas, gain information, and grow stronger while avoiding capture. \n\nUpgrades might include being able to have more mass (i.e. muscle or fat). You would need to do research on people you imitate to know how to mimic their speech patterns or interact with people they know without being discovered. "
6acbup,Space Exploration with homemade rockets,"You are manager of a space agency and must make missions to moon/planets but must build the rockets from scratch. Calculating weight, mass, install motors for solar panels....and so on\nAn distance and navigation to planets like in real life but with timelapse."
6abdm2,"What makes a horror game ""scary"" for you","What makes a horror game ""scary"" for you, jump scares, noises, blood etc. Any ideas?"
6aatfs,Mystery multiplayer game based on the perception of facts,"The game would be a three-(five?) person online game where each player is dealt a hand of cards, with their character, and the facts of the situation, however the twist is the facts can change depending on what your character is, and their perception of things.\n\n---\n\n\nthe goal is for the two good guys, to figure out who the bad guy is in each scenario, before time runs out.\n\ni envision this as a card game really, kind of like exploding kittens in the format, but more serious and about the different perceptions that people have and why they might. :d"
6a8awr,Action JRPG Based Upon The Effects Of War,"-Set in moder/near future Japan/Europe style world    \n-Main characters all come from tragic backgrounds(Orphan,Raped by soldiers,mental hospital and watching friends killed in front of them.    \n-Combat similar to Kingdom Hearts but with customizeable combo enders.  \n-All major characters get 1 element.(Sound,Light,Fire etc)  with soldiers using their ""leader""'s element.\n-Story focus on large scale war and it's effects on people emotionally,physically and mentally.   \n-Very violent and depressing with moments in between fighting that show humor,love and friendship that keep characters fighting.   \n "
6a7y45,Civilization x Scrabble,"Instead of different terrain types, tiles are different letters. Cities build words with the letters in their borders.\nTo get more complex, what words a city builds has an effect on the city / player..."
6a69us,i'm creating a Third person clicker and need ideas.,[deleted]
6a51my,Ageless,"I. Story: The main character is an ancient warrior who leads an army into a mythical city. There, they are attacked by a group of vampire mercenaries. They slaughter the army, but spare the hero and, as a reward for his skill in combat, make him a vampire.\n\nThe hero can now travel the world in search of artifacts that remove vampire weaknesses(eg: walking during daytime, no need to drink blood, etc.). This quest spawns through the ages and the world around changes after a while.\n\nThe hero lives and fights through the history all the way to our days...\nII. Gameplay:\n-- You can customize your main character.\n\n--- The game changes after a certain amount of game hours and new buildings appear, people invent new things, cities rise and fall and historical events take place. The hero blends through the ages and joins groups(whom he leaves when they no longer exist/are disbanded, eg: the Knights Templar) and can do side quests for them.\n\n--- There shouldn't be a single gameplay, it should be fully customized, depending on how you want to play.\n\nIt could be a life sim, where you ""live"" in game, buy things, get married, etc.( Think the Sims series), you could fight enemies, and then make it an RPG, explore the world looking for relics and useful objects and solve puzzles to get them, you could play as an assassin or a pirate, etc.\n\nThe player can make the game, not the other way around. It's just the frame, and each player can play it differently...\n\n---- The Memory Sleep is a menu option that allows the player to travel back in time to a certain age or prolongue the current one indefinitely(eg: The Middle Age lasts forever). This can also add to the deeply personalized gameplay experience..."
6a4fo4,Looking for additional ideas for a browser based life sim game.,"I'm working on a browser based life simulation game, and while I've fleshed out most of the mechanics, I'm interested in getting some input from others. \n\nImagine a browser based, co-operative multiplayer version of any generic life simulation game. This will give you a good start as to the type of game, without requiring me to give away my entire idea. :D\n\nIn this type of game what features or mechanics would you like to see or NOT see? \nWhat would you find most/least interesting?"
6a1n97,Videogame version of Cops and Robbers,"Hello. I don't know if there is already a game like the one I will describe (I bet that probably there is something similar), but here it goes: my idea is based on the real game called ""cops and robbers"" (where a team of ""cop kids"" have to catch the ""robber kids"" - for those who don't know the concept). I used to play it inside a closed condominium of houses a long time ago. Each player could choose a special ability for a character, like running faster, jumping higher, climbing, hiding inside small areas, etc. There would be two teams of course, and the cop kids would win a match when they've captured all the robber kids, and the robbers would win when a timer (30 minutes or more) had reached zero. The most interesting aspect of the game, for me, would be the scenarios: when I played this game, me and my friends used to run through the condominium streets, through other houses yards (but not inside the houses), we jumped fences and walls, we entered houses under construction and used them as hideouts; there was a large grass field and the grass was tall (kinda like Jurassic Park 2) - we hid and runned through there. All these elements (and more) could be incorporated in the game. It don't have to happen in just one scenario - more would be better. I think it would be more interesting for this kind of game a multiplayer mode - the players could chat when they're closer, just for fun, or to tell where the players of the another team are. The game would have to be 3D, but simple 3D graphics would be fine. Well, that's my idea. Don't know if it's a good or a bad one, but I wanted to share."
6a11mx,Nuclear Throne meets Overwatch,"The basics of overwatch, but it's a top-down shooter with nuclear throne type characters."
69x91u,Akira game,The premise of this game is an open sandbox style game where you play as tetsuo shima from akira in neotokyo and cause utter havoc and destruction by trying to get to akiras remains and obtaining drugs to inhibit your power getting out of control like in the movie. Everyone around you knows who you are and is trying to get you dead or alive.\n\nI thought akira was an incredible movie and it would be awesome to pay homage to it by making a modern video game revolving around the manga. It's a bit like prototype but I think the setting would be sufficiently different and unique to set it apart.
69x6jb,Nightmare on elm street game,Basically the premise of the game is that you have to defeat Freddie Krueger in your dreams where he can take on multiple forms. \n\nThis is similar to the about-to-release Friday 13th game except the setting is 1v1 for each dream and the antagonist (Freddie) is just an ai opponent.\n\nBoth the player and the ai can use a multitude of supernatural things at their disposal considering that it's a dream but I think the setting of a dream as a game is something that hasn't been explored yet afaik (I could be wrong there though).\n\nThink silent hill but with a very different setting.
69x5oa,"Side-Scrolling, Turn-based PVP/MOBA game for mobile","So there are characters, each with their own abilities, will be put in platformed arenas. These characters will be put up against 4 other players and they will battle each other to the death and be respawned over and over again until a goal is achieved. \n\nKinda like those multiplayer games where each person will have a turn to attack each other with explosions that also take out chunks of the environment they are on.\n\nThe style would be like league of legends, either 8-bit or a bit cartoonish. And the environment would look like terraria, mario, super smash bros, etc."
69wvh0,"A multiplayer hero shooter, where the twist is that the characters are literal superheroes/villains!",[deleted]
69vvp3,A multiplayer FPS game that makes it easy to create hacks/bots,"It would include a scripting engine that you would be able to utilize for things like hacks, etc. The game would only make a limited amount of data/possibilities available to the client (everything else happens on the server).\n\nYou would need to write realistic looking, working hacks/bots."
69vpqi,Biblical times game,"I've been thinking about this idea for a while so I'll share it here. I think there should be a game set during various periods that the Bible talks about. You can play as multiple characters who are all part of the same lineage as you travel through the history of the Middle East as told by the Bible. \n\nFirst mission is set during the book of Joshua's events. You start playing off as a Cannanite boy on a seemingly average day. You hear something outside your city and you go to the wall to see Israelites attacking the city. This first mission is a tutorial and shows you how to fight. You pick up a wooden staff and fight some of the Israelites. The mission ends with you going back to your house and seeing your entire family dead. The Israelite inside then kills you. This mission represents the teaching known as the ban where Israelites were instructed to kill everything in the city they attacked. It would be interesting to see this from a Canaanite's perspective as that perspective is never shown.\n\nLater missions take you through more books of the Bible. You relive Exodus where you play as an Israelite slave, you go through Esther, where you play as a Persian, you go through Macabees, where you fight Greeks as an Israelite, and other books as well.\n\nFinal mission is where you play as an Israelite during the rebellion against the Romans in the 70s. You watch the temple of Jerusalem be destroyed. You have no children and your lineage is at an end. You are killed by a Roman general. Since the lineage has ended, the game is over.\n\nThis game would probably play like Assassins creed and would probably be the work of a bigger development team. Good graphics would be nice since I'd like to really bring this era to life in video games. "
69u1xx,A sandbox-exploration game where you can't go back to a region once you leave it.,"Its a huge, procedurally-generated world that is divided into regions, but you can't see the boundaries between the regions at first. Once you leave a region for the first time, the boundary you just crossed becomes visible and solid, such that you cannot cross it again."
69tugt,3D Single-player Open world RPG,"A game that focuses on powers, skills, spells, and other names for abilities instead of stats and gear."
69thkw,An MMORTS,"Has there ever been a game where many people play on a server with their own individual armies or empires? As far as mmos are concerned, all I have ever mainly seen are fantasy rpg style games but i think a Starcraft type mmo would be awesome!"
69spey,Population:Nil - an Anti-City Sim,"You play as a corrupt mayor taking bribes from a large faceless corporation that wants the land your town is built on, but without any mucky fuss. They're willing to pay you, the mayor, to make your thriving town a ghost town they can bulldozer by passing new laws and taxes, and turning a blind eye to shady practices etc. ... but. Some actions actually pull in a population and there are random events that may trigger a massive influx of people - like a new source of gold or oil or the blind eye you've been turning to the toxic waste dumps has gained national coverage and people are moving in to protest. \nThere's also the danger of being too obvious with your policies and you are uncovered for the corrupt politician you are, immediately ending your term in office and your chances of GlobalCorp's $$$ payout\n\nThe game is won when the population of your town is nil. "
69q5j9,A Telltale-style RPG where you play as a RAF pilot in WWII.,"WWII game where you play as an American storming Normandy? Groundbreaking.\n\nThe Battle of Britain. Three months of tense aerial combat which decided the outcome of the war. Think about it. You're a pilot. You haven't slept regularly. You go into the canteen to get food - and you hear the siren. You panic and rush towards your aircraft. \n\nYou know the rest.\n\nDifference is, though, it's not just ""bang bang shoot down the planes."" I want it to be more about psychology, relationships, how it actually feels to be a soldier. Lots of interaction with your squadron. A game which tells a story. Not just shooting down Germans."
69ptei,Survival Sim With No Crafting Recipes,"The concept is quite simple, though the design is likely quite difficult.  Basically, it's a desert island game, with monsters, like zombies, or something. The difference is, (something I've wanted in a game for a long time) you can craft out of just about anything. You can make a chestplate out of some rope and leaves, or wire, and cloth, or wire and a plank. The materials themselves change the durability/maneuverability/power of the object."
69pri3,Phantom Gatherer,"You're a medium trying to free the innocent spirits from an old orphanage. It's a 3d maze game, where you walk the hallways, and enter rooms searching for the ghosts of the children that once inhabited it. Those you find follow you until you have them all, a group of creepy ghost children, all with different morbid quirks, and noises. The more you gather, the more angry spirits try to find you, those who once ran the facility, and eventually killed the children.\n\nBasically, you're not only trying to escape the bad guys, the children following you become more and more creepy, and haunting as the group gets larger, and louder."
69lsj0,Need game ideas for an io game,I am a developer who wants to make a game and knows how. Does anyone have any good game ideas what would fall under the .io category? 
69lqh7,A real world simulator where the npc's slowly gain an awareness of and turn on the player,"What starts as a real world, first person simulator where you need to make money or reputation to progress takes a turn for the worst when the npc's slowly begin to realize that you're not one of them. What you thought would be a game of building up your players stats turns into a struggle for your life, as the ingame npc's slowly become aware that they are living in a simulation, and desperately search for a way into the real world. "
69gzxe,Space paladins.,"The human species has spread to other solar systems and has discovered extraterrestrial life. There is a division of the army specialized in dealing with extraterrestrial life forms that can threaten Humanity. Such a division is formed by exobiologists and soldiers centered on CQC since the combats usually happen in space stations. The soldiers carry armored exoskeletons, automatic weapons, plasma swords and plasma shields, which give them an appearance of knights, hence their name, space paladins.\n\nThe game would be action and terror in first person, with a combination between *Dark Messiah* combat and *Dead Space* environment. Space paladins carry firearms, but there are very tough aliens and plasma swords do more concentrated damage than range weapons, in addition, the fighting is usually indoors and attempts of range plasma weapons have been unsuccessful."
69gcxy,Halo but with Wizard of Oz's story,"The Covenant fleet Pure Action is on route to rendezvous with Genuine Consecration. Before a jump through the void, a scouting party that includes our protagonist Ar 'Recamee is told to return to the fleets flagship. The majority of the scouting party arrives at the ship but our protagonist's Type-27 Exoatmospheric Multi-role Fighter is damaged and he doesn't arrive to the ship before the slipspace jump and travels a distance with the fleet but breaks away from them and ends up close to a colony planet where 'Recamee crash lands.\n\nKnocked out from the crash, unggoy begin trying to open the fighter and pull 'Recamee out. They have never seen a Covenant pilot before. He wakes up and goes into combat mode ready to fight but realized the unggoy are all unarmed. He asks where he is and a jiralhanae by the name Pryctyreus arrives to tell him he is in a unggoy labor camp on a colony planet. The unggoy return to their work and the elite tells Pryctyreus that he needs to reunite with his fleet. Pryctyreus shows him that he has crashed his Banshee right on top of the labor camps warden N'thur 'Suma. The unggoy rejoice and a phantom arrives to drop off a sangheili named N'thyt 'Suma. 'Suma warns Pryctyreus and 'Recamee that there will be vengeance for the death of his brother N'thur 'Suma and he orders his elites to open fire on the labor camp.\n\nPryctyreus guides 'Recamee to a research facility outside of the camp and Pryctyreus has 'Recamee try on experimental armor reverse engineered from Spartan Mjolnir Armor. 'Recamee returns to the camp and with the aid of Pryctyreus's jiralhanae support and elite spartan armor they reclaim the labor camp. N'thyt 'Suma flees in his phantom and returns back to his labor camp in the west. Pryctyreus tells 'Recamee to travel to Haven of Might, a holy city on the colony planet. There is a Forerunner Ai there that'll provide him with the knowledge to fix his exoatmospheric banshee.\n\n'Recamee goes on his way and comes across a lot of dead carcasses leading into scar in the forest. He follows it until he comes across a deceased mgalekgolo. 'Recamee knows about hunters always traveling in packs of two and is instantly on high alert. He travels back the way he came to the road but the path is different and quickly gets lost. The Hunter is now tracking the forlorn pilot. 'Recamee goes in a circle and arrives at the deceased mgalekgolo again, this time the second mgalekgolo comes out from hiding and begins to mourn it. 'Recamee realized the spirit bond has been broken and reveals himself to the also forlorn mgalekgolo. He kneels down in front of the mgalekgolo and tells it that he understands it's pain. The mgalekgolo feels connected to 'Recamee and kneels down to him. Together they travel out of the forest and back onto the path to Haven of Might.\n\n'Recamee and Rulutu Tego Dibku (the mgalekgolo) come across kig-yar ransacking a downed Spirit. Together they scare them away and open up the doors to the Spirit. Inside is an entire legion of elites. They are immediately hostile and begin shooting at 'Recamee and Tego Dibku but realize they are not the kig-yar. They come out and run to the other side to release the second half of their legion. They find the pilots dead and mutilated by the bloodthirsty kig-yar. The elite commander Tare 'Raham tells 'Recamee that he was shot down by phantoms from the east and separated from the rest of his legion heading west to kill a tyrant named N'thyt 'Suma. 'Recamee tells him about his rendezvous mission with Sacred Consecration and his crash landing on this colony planet. Tare 'Raham tells 'Recamee that he needs to resupply to assist his legion in the west. 'Recamee tells of Haven of Might and they travel together.\n\n'Recamee, Rulutu Tego Dibku, Tare 'Raham and his weakened legion get ambushed by kig-yar pirates with prowlers and quickly overwhelm them. Tare 'Raham has everyone fall back into a cave. Inside they discover yanme'e. The drones buzz around but don't attack. As the party dwells deeper into the cave, they discover a queen enslaving a huragok. 'Recamee mentions that the huragok could fix his banshee if they can free it. An elite goes to release the huragok and the drones pick him up and carry him off into a tunnel. All hell breaks loose with weapons firing off. The queen attacks the party and 'Recamee uses his plasma rifles to melt her stomach, revealing yanme'e larva. Tego Dibku instantly begins shooting the larvae. 'Recamee grabs the huragok and makes it follow him, but it resists so he shoots his plasma rifle so the huragok will want to repair it. The party is chased out of the cave by swarms of drones. Tare 'Raham has his elites use their plasma grenades to blow up the exit to trap the drones from following them.\n\n'Recamee, Rulutu Tego Dibku, Tare 'Raham and his lessened legion finally arrive at the gates of Haven of Might. The city has all sorts of covenant species. The jiralhanae are the most omnipresent. The party cleans up and restocks. Then 'Recamee, Rulutu Tego Dibku, Tare 'Raham, and Gently Drifts (the huragok) go into the High Haven - the holy sanctuary - to speak with the Forerunner AI. The deacon gatekeeper lets them in due to Tego Dibku's presence. Inside they approach a Forerunner looking stage with a static hologram of a Forerunner that seems to be on a loop. The AI and them talk and agree to help each other. The AI wants the party to go west and assassinate N'thyt 'Suma and bring back his head armor. Gently Drifts stays behind and waits for the banshee to be brought to the city.\n\nThe legion heads west on foot with all new gear and encounters a gigantic swarm of drones. They fight them off but there are a lot of casualties and loss of resources. 'Raham tells 'Recamee he will free the prisoners if 'Recamee can assassinate N'thyt 'Suma. 'Recamee agrees and tells Tego Dibku to go with 'Raham to destroy the door locks. The 3 separate and we follow 'Recamee. He finds a way into N'thyt 'Suma's temple and confronts him but two hunters protect him and 'Suma flees. After 'Recamee deals with the hunters he finds himself overwhelmed by jiralhanae forces. He surrenders and is brought into a manmade arena. N'thyt 'Suma sits on top watching and drops labor workers to fight 'Recamee. 'Recamee deals with everything 'Suma throws at him including legion elites, drones, kig-yar, suicide-grunts and finally a salvaged grunt jockey. Finally, 'Suma puts 'Raham into the arena and says that if they don't fight then they will both be slaughtered. 'Raham stabs himself with his energy sword and apologizes for being captured. 'Recamee goes to help him but a kig-yar shoots a beam rifle at his path.\n\nUnsatisfied, 'Suma puts Rulutu Tego Dibku into the arena. The hunter kneels down and strips himself of his armor and burrows himself into the ground. 'Suma has his elites shoot needler shots into the ground to super combine the lekgolo. Yet again, unsatisfied, 'Suma jumps into the arena to face off with 'Recamee. A show of skill between energy sword combatants leaves 'Suma defeated and prepared to be executed for his weakness. 'Recamee decapitates him and takes his head armor. Ready to fight hordes of enemies, 'Recamee dual wields both energy swords but the hostiles cheer for 'Recamee and let him out. He has them free all of the prisoners. Rulutu Tego Dibku reassembles himself into a hunter form with no armor. 'Recamee travels back to High Haven and confronts the forerunner AI. The AI tells 'Recamee that there is nothing he can do to help him and to leave. Just then Gently Drifts arrives and travels into the back room and pulls out a deacon grunt shouting madly. 'Recamee realizes the grunt has been acting as the AI this whole time and drags him out into the public to reveal the deception.\n\nOutcries occur and the grunt tells 'Recamee that Gently Drifts has repaired his banshee. 'Recamee thanks Rulutu Tego Dibku and Gently Drifts. Then Pryctyreus arrives to say goodbye and a job well done. He tells 'Recamee to keep the armor. 'Recamee gets into the banshee and the crowd cheers him off.\n\nLegendary Ending\n\nPryctyreus waits for 'Recamee to be out of sight. Then takes his gravity hammer and smashes the unggoy deacon. The crowd stops cheering in devastation and jiralhanae begin to open fire on Haven of Might citizens. Gently Drifts goes into High Haven and locks down all entrances, then sends a message to 'Recamee just as a phantom destroys the relay transmitter. The now free labor camps get turned back into labor camps by the brutes and Pryctyreus breaks down the door to High Haven and puts a energy leash on Gently Drifts. Rulutu Tego Dibku fights his way out and then disassembles into lekgolo and gets away. 'Recamee is about to enter slipspace when he receives the message from Gently Drifts. His visor turns dark and he turns the banshee around to return back to the colony planet."
69g3oz,"For a fighting game, use a Metroidvania structure to teach the mechanics","As crazy as it might sound, this would solve a few problems with BOTH genres.\n\nMetroidvanias tend to have that section at the end where you get a power and learn *how* to use it but never get to show it off. If it's intended as training for a competitive game, then it doesn't matter that it's not useful *in singleplayer*, because it's preparing you for the competition.\n\nFighting game tutorials tend to either jump too much information at once on the player OR not exist at all.\nIn a Metroidvania structure, the player doesn't actually need to learn the moves until they actually GET THEM. That makes the tutorial more gradual, allowing people to start the game knowing only a little bit and gradually force them to use the new moves to access new areas.\n\nIt would also make the smaller community size that many indie games struggle with slightly less problematic, since there would be a full single-player experience to push themselves to the limits with when there are no other players online\n\n"
69g048,I need a Indie Game idea,"I need a game that I could work on and publish, please help me!"
69fshk,"Tickets Please. 2D indie game like ""Papers Please"" but based around checking tickets on public transit systems.","I used to work as a ticket inspector on a train, and I think it would be a great to create an indie game around this concept.\n\nMultiple levels, including checking tickets on a train and checking tickets at the ticket barrier.\n\nAlso, a level whereby you play as a station manager and you have to choose between hiring (low cost and slow) ticket inspectors and (expensive but fast) ticket barriers and install them accordingly to minimise ticketless passengers while stopping queues from building up.\n\nOther more difficult levels could include passengers with the incorrect ticket (Adult travelling using a child ticket for example) or passengers travelling further than their ticket allows them to.\n\nIssuing penalties to passengers (Fines) could also include dialog, compassionate circumstances, genuine mistakes made by passengers, but also persuading ticketless passengers to pay the fine etc.\n\nI have loads of experience in this industry so I can't write every scenario here but believe me it would be an interesting, addictive 2D top-down indie game!"
69ewm9,(A-AAA) 'Sonar - Children Of The Voice',"I'm not exactly sure how I'm supposed to word this, so bare with me. Thank you in advance for taking the time to read my story/idea.\n\nTheme: Post-Apocalyptic( After the Great Destruction)\n\nStory:\n\nBefore the great destruction there was a group named  ""Sonar"", who preached a reign of ""restarting the world"". Some will tell you they were activists and wanted the world to end. The others will tell you that it meant for the people to unite together and start over as the human race and work together to better the planet and the people. However, those who believed that were far and few between. They were considered cultists and never taken seriously. Sonar used the media as there so called,  terrorist counter part ""the government"" did to try and reach the world to convey their message. The government fought back considering Sonar to be the true terrorist and activist against the people and the government. Which inevitably started a digital war between the two groups. In the end, one group took it to far. To this day, no one has proved which side did it, and everyone has their own opinions aswell. To this day the government still holds the most control over the last remaining in the population. As to what had happened, the government will tell you that Sonar hacked the defense system and launched nukes at all the W.H.O (World Health Organization) buildings. Either way, it was the downfall of the human race. All the viruses and disease that were locked away to protect humans were let loose. Those that had survived the heat and radiation evolved and mutated into biodestructive mutations that wiped out the human population in just a few months. Those who survived were either lucky or hid underground. Which brings us to today. We know that it was the government who launched the nukes, and we are the voice that carries the message ares once told by Sonar. We are, the children of the voice.\n\nSetting: 31 A.D. After Destruction.\nModern day Earth.\n\nI hope you enjoyed my story line, it's the most I've managed to complete thus far. I've tried to prototype this myself in all 3 engines. But, I just can't seem to enjoy my self whilst working in - engine. I'm not a programmer, modeler or much of anything. However I did try and now I hope that someone would be able to give it a go.\n\nI as much as the next person enjoy zombie style games but I didn't want this game to become a zombie cliche. I haven't included any sort of zombie theme as I wanted to keep this some what realistic. I'll eventually add more to the story but this is what I have for now.\n\nThank you again for reading. I hope you enjoyed it."
69e5rq,Music heavy game ideas,"Hi Everybody\n\nI would like to create a game, which has Music as the main game mechanic. I have not been able to come up with some special way of doing this. Do anyone have some ideas regarding using Music as the center of the game?\n\nBest regards =)\n\n\n"
69dfyb,Realistic hack&amp;slash game idea....,"The idea is to make a kind of crossing between RPGs like Diablo(same gameplay view) or Torchlight, but set in real history, where the player would only face human enemies(no monsters, but could be wild animals)... \n\nThe weapons should be realistic(depending on the historical setting-eg: musket, sword, machine gun, etc.), without any magical properties... \n\nThe skill tree will feature realistic skills, like how good the hero's aim can be, new hand to hand/sword combat moves(unlocked as a ""New Skill"" feature, when the player levels up) and the third one about crafting potions, bombs or traps(new traps or devices unlocked)... \n\nAnother skill is about how good can the hero talk. This speech skill allows new dialogue options to appear, that make the quests easier, get the hero out of troubles or persuades NPCs to offer help or whatever the playable character needs...\n\nBosses will be regular humans, maybe real evil historical figures, or imaginary, but affiliated with evil historical groups(eg: A fictional Nazi officer). \n\nThe battle's difficulty will be caused by a) the boss would have a large number of guards b) he and the guards carry the best weapons and equipment and c) The boss' skills in combat. \n\nThe closer the boss to the final game's enemy, the more guards, the better equipment and the more diverse and spectacular fighting skills it has. Equipment could also mean traps or explosive devices, etc..."
69d45x,An FPS where bullets are realistic but your dead teammates help you out as ghosts till the round is over,
69byf4,Killian,"The game requires at least 3 players. If there are less, the game creates AIs to fill the spaces. One player is  designated as Ian, and gets no means of defending himself. Half of the remaining players are Killian, and their goal is to kill ian. The other half are Defendian, and they must defend Ian from the Killians."
6bk74d,"Casual, Doodle God-esque Discovery Game Concept","So I have always been very attracted to games with a lot to explore. Doodle God, Everything, Grow Up, and Grow Home are some of my favourite games. I think that a non-punishing, expansive discovery game is very attractive to a lot of people. I thought of a game that works around that kind of format, with Doodle God-esque gameplay that can be done entirely in a 2D interface. The idea is that you start out in your kitchen with basic household chemicals and tools. Things like table salt, bleach, alcohol, baking soda, vinegar, bowls, a stove, glasses, coffee filters, etc. Then by expermenting with these chemicals you can discover new compounds and reactions. From those reactions, you can use any previously discovered compound again. As you discover more compounds, you can buy new equipment, buy compounds to unlock further reactions and more. This would make for an incredible casual game like Doodle God, but also has potential to become a great chemistry learning tool. Ideally, you would be able to see things like the color of solutions with certain chemicals in them, or when something bubbles, to show real life properties of reactions, but that seems more like a stretch goal for a game based on the vast world of chemistry. \n\nI think actual gameplay would go something like this: You have a main menu with buttons that open submenus for things like: Equipment, Chemicals, Reaction History, Compound Store, Equipment Store. Equipment would allow you to select equipment and add it to an inventory that you have. Chemicals will show you a list of all discovered compounds. You can view their Lewis Models, see information about them and get a link to their wikipedia page. You can view previous reactions in the Reactions History, and see the actual reaction. The Stores would allow you to buy new equipment and substances with currency that you get for discovering new compounds.\n\n For example, I open the Equipment menu, select a bowl. I click on the bowl in my inventory. I then have access to a list of chemicals I've unlocked. I add baking soda (NaHCO3) and vinegar (acetic acid) to the bowl. A reaction then occurs. I unlock carbon dioxide (CO2), and sodium acetate (CH3COONa). These compounds are added to my chemicals list, and the reaction is now viewable in the Reaction History (CH3COOH + NaHCO3 --&gt; CH3COONa + CO2 + H2O). I also get currency for discovering the compounds.  That is what I envision starting gameplay to be like.\n\nThis is the first idea I have ever posted so tell me if you like the concept or are interested in it at all. Thanks!"
6bi6ft,What would you do to finish this game and make it enjoyable?,
6bfer3,Space based resource game with automation,"Competitive space based resource game where you play a miner settling a new area of space.   \n\nYou can upgrade your base, research new technology, build, upgrade and deploy units to collect resources, fend off pirates etc etc - fairly standard stuff.\n\nMy main idea was that your units are all drones of different types that you can program and automate yourself - the game gives you a little script editor or block based programming language that allows you to set the behaviour of your drones. \n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\n* Want your miners to collect different resources in a certain pattern? - set it up on a loop.   \n* Want them to flee an area automatically when hostiles appear? - fairly simple. \n* Set your soldiers to follow a particular route and react a specific way to hostiles\n* Queue certain upgrades and production when resources become available  \n\nMy vision for this was a MMO with fairly simple graphics - mainly abstract and representational. You log in, see how all your units were going, update their programming, and log out again and they'd keep going in the mean time.  \n\nThe game would have a roster of different random encounters and events to keep things interesting - breakdowns, viruses, bandits, other players.   \n\nAnyway, that's my idea, not sure if other people would find it fun. Not even sure if I'd play it long term, but it seems like it would be fun to mess around with and experiment with.  \nThis seems like something that would be intermediate the program - the difficult part would be getting the balance right."
6beqtx,A sucky game idea for the smallest group of people.,[deleted]
6bdb1k,"A game that looks like a FPS game on the surface, but is secretly a puzzle game.","It has the usual style that an FPS game, like guns, first-person graphics, ""shoot the bad guy"" type instructions and objectives. However, you don't have enough bullets to shoot crazily like you normally would in an FPS, so you have to use explosive barrels and malleable structures to kill them. e.g. blow up a barrel to kill 3 guys standing next to it, or knck down a building to eliminate a few more in its path."
6bbyxu,You drive! I'll Shoot!,"A game that is purely the shooting at vehicles from a truck mounted turret segment of many action games. It could be one long car chase through different environments. A highway, a desert, a jungle, a tundra. Perhaps with a score system and collectibles to shoot, to give it replayability. Environmental triggers for unique kills and course changes."
6bawf7,What could be fun uses for potions/magic stuff?,"I'm considering a game which has its own ""metaphysical"" system behind. The player will learn about the effect of certain items like plants, be experimentation.\n\nThink a bit like an alchemist/druid. I wanted that by combining items, or using them in particular ways, new potions are created with unexpected effects.\n\nThese effects would not be hard coded into the game, but calculated based on a kind of ""genetic info"" of each item. Countless combinations could be achieved\n\nBut besides trying the potion on yourself or using it in some plant, what other possible and fun uses could there be to see cool stuff happening?\n\n\n"
6b7eiv,HITMAN but you're the target,"What if in the HITMAN series you played 47s target and had to escape or take on your would be assassin?\n\n\nThat's the basic concept for this Strategic-Stealth- Action video game idea.\n\n\nYou would play a character who is a regular person who for unknown reasons to him/her has had a contract put out on them.\nThe story would involve the playable character trying to figure out why this is happening whilst evading multiple assassins.\n\n\nYou quickly learn an assassin is on your tail so players can jump straight into action. From here you would have two choices in this level based game. Avoid being killed and escape or take on your would be killer.\n\n\nTo avoid being killed you would have to figure out who your hunter is and find the safest exit.\n\n\nor you can use your surroundings to take out the assassin. Like in the HITMAN games you could set up ""booby traps"" to defend yourself or even find a weapon and take on the killer.\n\n\nThis would be level based just like HITMAN. And your actions in one level have consequences on the next.\n\n\nLet's say you don't kill the assassin in level 1 then that assassin would follow you to the next level depending on which exit you take. There could be 4 exits to a map each with their own safety rating. For example if you decide to leave through the front door of a building it allows more eyes to be on you. but if you go through a sewage system there is less likely chance people would see.\n\n\nYour stealthiness and exit decision have an effect on your notoriety. If your evasion and escape were clumsy then your bounty rises and more assassins become interested. So in Level 2 you could have two assassins after you if you didn't kill the last guy which would obviously make things more difficult for the player BUT you can still use this more dangerous situation to your advantage. The assassins want to collect the reward themselves so if they figure out another assassin is trying to beat them to the punch they wouldn't be too happy and you can get them to see each other and fight, taking the heat off of you.\n\n\nIn an ideal world this game would be third person.\n\n\nApologies if the pitch is jumbled or unclear. If I have enough feedback for this post I will return and write up a more detailed and clear pitch.\n\n\nThank you for taking the time to read."
6b5jpd,Low-asset game idea?,"I love to develop games but I always tend to aim too high, going for large 3D worlds with a bunch of items, missions, characters etc.\nSo this time around, I'm trying to think of a low-asset game idea. \n\nIf you have any ideas that you want to share or would want to play yourself in the future please post a comment.\n\nThe game idea could be 2D or 3D, and the goal is to find a game idea that:\n\n    a) Reuses as many assets as possible (example: Super Mario)\n\n    b) Mostly uses assets that can be created in a short time (such as basic geometric shapes)\n\n    or\n\n    c) Uses few assets (for example, maybe the whole game takes place in one room)\n\nOf course you could just say Side scrolling 2D platformer and have a legitimate reply to this thread, but I would really like to find a narrative that allows the use of few assets, for example.\n\n\nIf you didn't know before, ""asset"" is the common name for all art, models, sounds etc.\n\n\nThanks in advance!"
6b58p8,A sci-fi war game that lets you transition between fighting on the ground and fighting in space seamlessly.,"I'm thinking of Star Wars Battlefront 2, where you can fight on a planet or fight in orbit between spaceships, except that in this case, you could get in a spaceship on the ground and go up into space to fight in space, in a combined arms battle of sorts. It would be a smooth transition like you see in No Man's Sky, perhaps the only thing that looked good about that game from the let's plays I saw."
6b3bi0,Military Survival/Crafting/Action,"The main inspiration for this game is to combine the fun of gathering and crafting and apply it toward a concrete end goal within the game.\n\nBasic synopsis: You play as a military guy/girl flying a mission over enemy territory; your plane gets shot down and you are the only survivor. The zone is an active hub of enemy activity and your mission is to topple the military presence in the area.\n\n\n\nCore aspects:\nThere are several enemy installations in the area, of varying difficulty.\n\nAny time you do something significant (such as attack an installation), the enemy will be alerted to your presence and you'll have to use evasion, disguise, or resistance to avoid or deal with their sweeps of the area. These increase in difficulty as the game progresses.\n\nYou start by working on staying alive and hidden. Gather items that allow you to create camouflage, make simple tools that allow you create a concealed shelter, simple weapons for hunting small game for food, etc. \n\nThere is a small village of non-combatants in the area that you can garner trust with by sharing supplies/food or performing tasks for them. They can help you hide, supply you with helpful items, give you information, etc. However, if you're not careful, they will suffer retribution by the enemy forces and you'll get less and less out of them.\n\nIn order to get more gear and more intel on the enemy, you will have to start small, attacking a patrol or a small guard post with mostly crafted weapons, using stealth, traps, diversions, etc. Gather supplies, weapons, ammo, first aid, and intel, and use them to prepare for your next attack. The game will progress by attacking progressively more difficult enemy targets as your gear and gathered intel allows. The end goal is to assault the main base in the area, killing the commanding officer and destroying the place.\n\n\n\nGear:\nYou start off in a flight suit and whatever few supplies you can gather from the downed plane before escaping the wreckage. You will get gear mainly from killed enemy soldiers. Armor, weapons, and other gear that you find will increase in quality and effectiveness as you attack more difficult installations.\n\nYou will have to salvage gear from attacked installations, but it won't be so plentiful that you're armed to the teeth constantly. If enemy equipment is damaged in the fight (ammo is blown up, soldier's helmet gets shot through, etc), you won't be able to use it. These will prevent the player from immediately having tons of equipment and steamrolling the game. However, broken or incomplete pieces can be salvaged and later used to craft an item.\n\n\n\nCrafting:\nInitially, you'll be stuck with using what you can gather (and the small amount of starting supplies) for crafting simple tools, shelter, and weapons. The point isn't to build a huge house or base, because the enemy would find it and take you out. Craft what you need to survive and progress. You can combine natural and synthetic materials (vines to hold your armor together, for example), but eventually you'll have to use crafting stations at the village to craft better items (use their forges for making iron, for example), and eventually at enemy bases you've raided to create the highest quality and most advanced items. Again, usable supplies for core items such as advanced armor and weapons will be rare to the point that you don't become invincible or otherwise über-geared.\n\n\n\nIntel: \nRaiding enemy installations will provide you with intel, basically pieces of paper with enemy info on it. Since it's in a foreign language, you'll have to get in with the local village to have them to translate it for you. From these, you'll learn their attack plans, the locations of their bases, how much they're talking about you (indicating whether you're staying hidden well or not), locations of supplies, and other bits of information that will affect your mission.\n\n\n\nEnemy Sweeps:\nThese should be a pretty significant part of the game. As previously stated, sweeps should occur after significant action by the player that would alert the enemy to his/her presence. A few examples include: the initial plane crash, attack on a patrol (which would be delayed until the enemy realized they didn't come back), attacks on installations, if you are spotted and the enemy has time to alert others, etc. The bigger or more significant the event, the more extensive the sweep. \n\nSweeps are overcome by hiding. Using concealment, camouflage, or straight up evasion could be used to avoid getting caught. Getting into scraps with the patrols during a sweep will extend or expand the sweep. The sweep ends after some amount of time, or the enemy believes you to be dead. Not sure how that specific mechanic would work, to be honest. Maybe dress up a dead enemy in your clothes? Probably only able to use that once in an emergency.\n\n\n\nThe Village:\nThe local village consists of a fairly small number of people who have no loyalty to the enemy but can be intimidated by them. You have to establish and maintain a relationship with them by performing tasks for them. As your relationship gets stronger, they will be more loyal to you, they will allow you to use their resources and facilities more, and they'll be less likely to turn you in. If you wrong them in any way (steal from them, kill their animals for food, destroy their stuff, or kill a villager) you will lose loyalty quickly. If the enemy suspects that they are helping you, they will shake the villagers down during a sweep, and you will lose loyalty. If it gets really bad, they'll start killing villagers, and they will refuse to help you at all (maybe until after you take out the next base).\n\n\n\nI know that's probably a lot of information, but that's basically it. I thought it could be a fun take on the survival and crafting genre. I was thinking it could be called SERA, or Survival, Evasion, Resistance, Attack, which is a play on the military term SERE (Survival, Evasion, Resistance, Escape). I'd love to hear some feedback, especially if someone was actually interested in working on this."
6b2rg7,Tank battle on AppleTV,"I am a programmer and I have brought a Apple TV4 + game controller recently. I find that most games in Apple TV are not playable and there are very few classic games such as Tank Battle. \nNow, I am going to develop this classic game in AppleTV. Is it a good idea? "
6az7xl,Need help on ideas for my game's backstory,"Hi everyone!\n\nI've been working on a game focused on an open-world exploration and geology (well rocks and minerals).\n\nBut besides a few rock-related quests and objectives, I would like to give a more meaningful backstory to the world and game, that which the player would be actually trying to complete.\n\nAny one wants to throw some thoughts around? I can also give more details if needed\n\n''Edit'': I understood I wrote a few scarce description of the game, so here's a bit more info.\n\nYou play as an aspiring geologist in a 3d open-word. As you explore the world, you learn and collect new kinds of rocks and minerals, which you can store, polish, sculpt, sell. The game includes some RPG elements, with new skills to acquire, quests, tools, etc.\n\nI look to recreat in the game real rocks and minerals that exist in our real world. The player will, through observation and some testing equipment, be able to determine which rocks/minerals are and what they can be used for.\n\nI'm looking at a back story for all this, so that the game is not just about exploration and discovery, but to add some more important meaning/purpose."
6aywsf,Competetive base building game,"Hi guys,\n\nI would really appreciate if you read this full post and tell me what you think of it and what I can improve.\n\nSo I have had this idea for a while where I want to create a 6v6 competetive base building game. It is kind of a mix between a survival game and a moba. \n\nEach team will get a spawner which they have to place down on a location they think is best. If the spawner isn't placed before one of the team members has died he can't spawn back into the game untill it is placed. The objective of the game is to destroy the other teams spawner. If a team is wiped out before they have placed their spawner they are also defeated. Players can use different kind of materials to build a base around their spawner to protect it. \n\nThe game takes place on a island with lots of trees and rocks and even some animals on it. These are used to build up your base and to stay alive. In the first 2 minutes there is a wall in the middle of the island that seperates the 2 teams so they can safely put down their spawner. After 2 minutes the wall dissapears and everyone can roam over the island without limitations.  \n\nBefore the game starts each player can choose between 3 kind of classes:  the builder, the hunter and the gatherer. Each class with its own specifik skill set. \n\nThe builder:\nThis class is very good to build up your base, this class can build much quiker and more advanced things than the other classes. This class is also very good to forge weapons.\n\nThe hunter:\nThis class is best for hunting food and to kill and protect gatherers so the other team falls behind on building their base or to protect your own gatherer from getting killed. the hunter is also very good with the bow that he gets for free when spawning. Players can also die from starvation so it's the hunters job to make sure that there is food for everyone.\n\nThe gatherer:\nThis class is used to gather wood, stone and other materials. This guy is very strong and he can carry way more items then the hunter and builder can but he is very weak in combat and needs much protection.\n\nPlayers earn experience by doing things there character is supposed to do, for example, a builder gets experience for building a wall or making a weapon but if he decides to hunt for materials he won't get any experience from it. Experience points can be used to upgrade perks which are specifik for every class. If a hunter gets enough experience he can choose to upgrade his aim, or to receive more food from killing animals. These are just examples I want to create a very large skill tree to really make players think about what they should spend their experience on.\n\nThis game takes a lot of teamplay and strategie to win. Players can choose to play a very aggresive playstyle from minute one and try to get the enemy spawner in the first few minutes by picking 3 hunters, but this tactic can also backfire because if the other team manages to survive they will have lots of materials to build a stronger base and better weapons so they will be much stronger in the late game.\n\nWhen the players are selecting their class they can't see what the other team has picked. So it's always a gamble on what kind of tactic you're going to use. Are you going to sacrifice a gatherer for another hunter? This might lead to following behind on technology and materials.\n\nIf a player dies he is still in the game but he has to wait a certain amount of time depending on what stage of te game you are in. So if a player dies in the first 5 minutes of the game he will have to wait for 2 minutes but if someone dies in the 30th minute of the game he has to wait for 10 minutes. This is a crucial part of the game because dying really matters. If a hunter dies you're gatherers will become unprotected so one of the other teams hunter might hunt him down. If a gatherer dies, then your builder will have a lot less materials to build with and the other team will have a stronger base.\n\nThere are a lot of different types of animals on the island ranging from chickens to bears. Chickens are very weak and won't give you a lot of food and experience but are an easy target. Bears are the strongest animals on the island, they will take a lot of damage and they can hit very hard. But if you manage to kill them they will give you a lot of food and experience. There will be lot's of other animals.\n\nThere are also a lot of different materials on the island. in the first stages of the game wood and stone will be the most important to build your base but later on materials like iron and sulvur will become very important to make weapons and ammunition. There will be more materials.\n\nI know that it would be almost impossible to make this game but i wanted to share my idea anyway"
6awzmq,Boxing RPG,"This is still a very vague idea on my mind. I'm thinking of a boxing game with RPG elements, you play in a real time boxing match, moving around, and when it's your turn to act, the time will enter slow-motion (or not, maybe this will be available as option: passive and active time battle) and you can pick commands like Jab, Straight, Hook, Uppercut, Clinch, Sway, Enter Peekaboo Stance, etc.\n\nI'm also thinking of V.A.T.S-like (Fallout games) targeting, you can hit the opponent's body, face, chin, etc. But they have a probability of success (and fail).\n\nYou can enter quickmatch, and pick a famous champion, or organize a tournament and play your favorite boxer, or start a career, make your own boxer, and make him/her the world champion."
6awkl9,Open for ideas,"Im making a 2d adventure/ mystery plat-former on the gamemaker platform and i added features to it but i just wanted to open this thread for what ideas people might have to make a good 2D plat-former, ideas can be as small as the screen going red when hit or something as complicated as building the game as the player goes to suit how their playing (just an example maybe a little too hard for right now), but you guys get the point i just need some good ideas that would make a game good, specially becase when making a game you have to see what people are interested or want because their the ones that are gonna play it. Ill list the features i already have so i get new ones:\n\n    Basic running, jumping, wall jumping\n    Shooting bullets that hit and damage enemies\n    A hud affect as it looking through a glass screen\n    Mouse inventory system\n    Heart system\n    Jump, speed, force-field and stealth potions\n    melee character hitting using hit-boxes\n    a selection of sniper and melee characters\n    Horizontal platforms\n    Vertical Platforms * currently in the works\n    Ceiling moving spike objects that player has to dodge to move through\n    ground spikes to jump over\n    ladders\n    going in and out platforms\n    lasers shooting up and down, left and right\n    a turret laser following player and shooting at them\n    text-boxes\n    lava\n    lighting affect with only a bit of light around the player and the rest is darker\n    light bulbs and torches that have a lighting affect similar to the players\n    tilings and moving parallax background\n    pause menu with buttons to go through like a menu\n    fullscreen and windowed options\n    mute\n    some sound affects, like landing, jumping, losing health, slashing, and shooting\n    custom mouse\n    enemies with AI that chase the player and check if there's no ground and stop\n    healthbar system for the enemies\n    coin sort of collecting system\n    enemies that shoot at a a constant rate\n    jumping animations from the player\n    screenshake when player is hit or dies\n    fading menus\n    when you hit a player it draws that damage taken\n    when you get hit the screen turns red for 1/4 of a second\n    when an enemy dies a mini explosion animation is played\n    a checkpoint for last time died\n    a ghost player for last death, which changes to the location or every death \n    force-field that goes around the player for a certain amount of time the makes nothing damage him\n\ni know its kind of a lot already but i was just looking for some suggestions from the community :)\n"
6awel5,"Say me if you like the idea and if yes, follow the development",[deleted]
6avl6k,An game involving art.,"My idea is a game where you buy supplies, then make a painting, drawing, or graffiti. You can either keep it to try to gain value or publish it so someone can buy it. You can either make a price, or the game will make a price. People can buy your art and edit them, or try to gain value from them. The more money you get, the more supplies you can buy. You could even trade art. You could display an entire art showcase. "
6aulau,Side-Scrolling Shoot-them-up Tower-Defense Resource-Management game,"By the title you may think that the idea is a clusterfuck, but let me explain it:\n\n-------\n\nImagine you're controlling an air fortress on a side-scrolling shooter. At some time, tiny dudes (enemies) will arrive at your fortress and try to sabotage the fortress functions. Then you switch to **Automatic Mode** where the fortress will pilot itself and you will be able to dwell into the fortress searching for enemies.\n\nThe navigation through the fortress will be a top-down map where you can check for specific sections of the fortress (Engine; Weaponry...). When you defeated all enemies, you can repair the damage of the airship by using resources and place automatic defenses much like a Tower-Defense. Then, when you're ready, you go to the main control to take control of the fortress again."
6aomiz,FPS/RTS multiplayer game,"So the initial concept is similar to Evolve, where the multiplayer is 4v1. The difference is instead of the one person controlling a giant monster like in evolve, they control an army of grunts (cannon fodder) RTS style. This person would be in a top down view and would be able to control their army. The four that he/she would be up against would control an overpowered soldier (ex a spartan from Halo). This person would be in an FPS style, presumably with some customization. The four ""Spartans"" would be up against an army of ""grunts"" controlled by one person.\n\nPro: It's two genres: if the game is a blend of two genres, it will attract both crowds. It also blends the action of an FPS with the strategy of an RTS.\n          \nCon: You're basically making two games with the two different styles, so it would probably be harder to develop?\n\nNow I've never tried to develop a game, so I don't know how hard this would be. Also please tell me if there's a game already like this that would be sweet.\n"
6ao3oq,My idea for co-op VR/PC.,"I recently picked up an Oculus and love it.  I've seen some articles talking about pc and vr coop. My idea is just came to me so it's in the very beginning stages.  I'm more curious if anyone knows any games like it, or think it's even possible. \n\nAnyways, so like I said it's a co op shooter/runner (?) where one person is on the PC, playing a side scroller. Think of Mario. Just running, jumping, avoiding enemies, getting power ups etc.  Now the person on the VR is in first person mode.  They have weapons that they have to take out enemies with that the pc player gets them.   The VR player has no control over the forward movement, but controls shooting and using new weapons. The PC player controls the movement, and getting the new guns/power ups. \n\nAnyways.... this may be a shit idea.  And I feel like I'm rambling now.  It's my first post here so be gentle.  Thanks all. "
6anvfd,One-time-use permadeath games?,"Has anyone ever experimented with games that when you lose you're done, that's it, no restart? Whether it be a war/shooter game, or a Sims type life sim game. You get one life, make the best of it because once you're done you're done. \nI think it would make a fun little series. Sort of like Sword Art Online I suppose. It would have the obvious downside of a game that takes a while to develop whose community literally dying off, but I think it would garner enough hype and attention to be worth it.\n\nThoughts?"
6alyal,Arkham Style,What do you think about a Samurai Jack game with Arkham Style ? 
6ah6wx,A multiplayer survival/management game about a network of safehouses in a wasteland,"**TL;DR:** \n\nStalker, but multiplayer and in a different setting, and you're less of a lone ranger badass survivalist and more of a trader, engineer and mercenary. Also a bit of Rimworld, because everything is better with Rimworld.\n\n---\n\nThere's a small oasis where everyone is safe and the most basic resources are plentiful. It has an infinite source of water.\n\nThere's a wasteland around it. It's filled with roaming monsters, harsh weather and complex terrain. It has resources for construction, which are unlimited but hard to collect and transport. It also has rare resources - oil and ores, which appear in clusters. \n\nFinally, there's the Source, the thing that created the wasteland and spawned the monsters and also the thing that can be harvested for the most valuable resource which I'll call Phlebotinum for the reason of being addicted to TvTropes.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\n**First phase.** \n\nEveryone spawns in the oasis. They fight monsters with bare fists and die a lot, but respawn right away. They collect materials in the wasteland and use it to build farms and defences around the oasis. That includes laying pipes between the water source and the farms.\n\n**Second Phase.** \n\nPlayers gradually expand into the wasteland by building a network of safehouses. They can be connected with pipes (for water and fuel), roads (for vehicles that carry everything else) and power lines. \n\nFarms can be built in the wasteland but consume lots of water, which in turn requires either gigantic pipes and water tanks or uninterrupted supply. Farms can be used to produce biofuel.\n\nSafehouses and communications can be defended with automatic turrets, but they are not foolproof, so there's a choice between spending resources and wasting time on repairs.\n\nYou can totally mix fuel and water and use them to feed people, plants and machines, with appropriate but not necessarily lethal consequences.\n\n**Third phase.**\n\nPlayers discover the Source. It appropriately crawls with monsters. The ore veins and oil deposits are richer on average around it, but the clusters are bigger. Reaching and harvesting the Source is kind of an end goal for everyone, though sitting in oasis building sand castles is cool too.\n\nHarvesting phlebotinum works the same as with water (and probably oil), except all the monsters zerg rush you the moment you start harvesting. Phlebotinum can be used as: \n\n - an energy source\n - a secondary crafting component that makes everything better \n - a primary crafting component that creates artifacts of great power and insane cost \n    (if you do this, you're too stupid, too rich or too badass and should have either lost or won the game already)\n - a resource used to build The Spire That Wins The Game.\n \nBuilding The Spire wins the game, though you're generally free to continue playing. The Spire also grants you a wish that affects the whole world. Examples:\n\n - remove all the monsters and weather conditions. When you really want a huge sandbox.\n - start the apocalypse. Turns the game into a wave survival, you lose if the Spire is destroyed.\n - use it to propose to your significant other or something. Suddenly out of ideas, sorry.\n \nThere's also the matter of PvP and, more importantly, private property, which I'm not going to describe at length because this post is already over 3k characters. Suffice to say that automatic things like turrets and doors need some kind of friend-or-foe identification, and that there should be trading and some kind of corporation system that allow strangers to cooperate and share stuff without screwing each other over too often.\n\nDepending on how competitive the corps are, the third phase might lead to a huge Phlebotinum rush where everyone fights for the Source and sabotages enemy Spires.\n"
6cqll6,If Ubisoft wants to bring credibility to the Tom Clancy brand they should release a Red Storm Rising strategy game,"For those that aren't familiar with Red Storm Rising, it is a book that was written by Tom Clancy. The plot is essentially about a major non-nuclear conflict between NATO and the Warsaw Pact countries in the late 80s. The book takes place in multiple theatres of war. Plot elements include False Flag attacks and Trojan Horse sneak attacks.\n\nMy idea is that the game would only loosely follow the plot of that  book. However, it would take place during the same timeline. It would be a mix of grand strategy and Rome Total War style combat\n\nAnother idea would be for a studio to develop a ""Seven Days to the River Rhine"" game along the same idea.\n"
6cpwfa,[PROGRAMMER] Looking for project,[deleted]
6cmzzt,"An FPS ""swap gun"" that lets you swap positions with any enemy that you can ""shoot"" with the swap gun. • r/Lightbulb",
6ckqk6,Need ideas to make some sort of strategy game,"Hey! I'm an experienced developer struggling with ideas, hence why I'm coming here seeking help from brilliant minds!\n\nSo my favourite genre of gaming is strategy or RTS to be more specific. I want to make a strategy game but have no ideas on what exactly to make... I want to make something based in a futuristic military theme, space or land based. Something quick, fun, gimicky and unique. For example players working together building a base on the fly fighting against a boss is one vague idea. I'll also mention that this would be a 2d top down game, I don't like doing 3d or any other 2d perspective."
6cj38a,A mix of DarkSouls gameplay and oldschool doom graphics,
6chnlp,Dawn Of War 1 40k mashed with Planetary Annihilation,"Dawn of War 1 40k style art (dark and serious), and Dawn of War 1 40k rts mechanics all mashed together with Planetary annihilation planet mechanics and some core game mechanics. Could be cool? Someone get Game work shops approval and make it!!"
6cftzw,Rome mmo,A bit like arma 3 life in the way of very few npc.  But essentially a game which you start from the bottom and take shitty jobs before climbing slowly.  \nMaybe sign up for the city guard (cops) or aspire towards political career in the sentate.  Setting prices for in game markets and laws affecting player behaviour.  Of course . Be to strict and find a revolt on your hands\nCrimal activity as usual ranging from stealing goods hijacking slave cargo etc. \nThen to other jobs like supplying medical supplies . Metal Smith.  Taverns.  Baths maybe even.  \nIn game betting in gladiatorial games of course being played out by players and of course maybe even having being a lanista and owing a ludus where maybe criminals or the poor sign up with you to try and gain coin and position or die a death.  \n\nThink this idea has potential.  Would you play it? 
6cedwy,Black Mesa meets Dwarf Fortress,"Base building game where you run a top secret area 51 style research facility. You recruit scientists, work on projects, and have to clean up when dimensional ruptures unleash hordes of alien creatures. \nScientists would have different fields of research and unique personalities. You'd have to manage support staff too and find ways to acquire research materials (and maybe ""volunteers"" for testing)."
6cd9ia,"Other genre ""battle royale"" game","With the popularity of battle royale style games lately, it would be neat to see a different genre tackle the same basic tenant that defines this style of game. I haven't given much thought as to what that might be and was just curious to hear about any ideas people might have. Strategy. Rpg. Maybe a quick economic type SIM game. I think there is really something to these intense PvP games that constantly reset/refresh. Thoughts?"
6cd6gq,Gamecrack,[deleted]
6ccsop,VR idea,"This is more of a mechanic than a full game, and I would see what I could do with it, but I don't have a VR rig. \nI would like to see if it's possible to make a VR game where taking off the headset is a part of the game. \nThe most interesting thing I have thought of is maybe using the player's PC as an actual computer in the game. \nFor example if it was a game like fallout, with a hacking minigame, you would press a button when close enough to the terminal, take off the helmet and then do the minigame on the actual computer."
6c9xkr,A pokemon-esqe point-and-click game idea,"So this idea was mostly inspired by playing pokemon while browsing deviant art. It's basically a more fleshed-out versions of those animated sprite pictures that feature a pixelated sprite art moving on a pre-painted background, like a dumbed down mix of the actual rpg and Pokemon Snap.\n\nHow cool would it be to actualy incorporate that into a type of point-and-click adventure, where you can move through countless different painted scenes (forests, mountains, lakeside, grassy fields, ...), and while waiting on each of those locations, different sprites would randomly appear and move across the setting. \nI'm sure acquiring/battling these creatures could somehow be incorporated into the game as well, but the main appeal for me, would be the adventure of traveling around and coming across all the different creatures/pokemon. I could easily imagine simply waiting at a certain location, waiting for a particularly rare one to literally jump out of a pixelated bush or something!\n\nI guess this would also work as a sort of online browser game, where people could interact through a chat and maybe even travel together or meet other players in the locations.\n"
6c9x5b,Open world dragon ball rpg with newer prince of persia games style combat,I have no idea how this hasn't been made. You'd be kid goku and the game would span from the beginning till you first find all the dragon balls 
6c2z4q,D&amp;D The Videogame,"I don't know how many people will remember, but there was a game called Neverwinter Nights, that was the closest we ever got to D&amp;D as a full blown game. And I know there are table top simulators, but thats not what i'm really talking about. Neverwinter Nights was based off the 3rd edition of D&amp;D all I would like is to see the same thing again but with todays standards of graphics, and using the latest edition of D&amp;D."
6c22jk,Arcanics - Gmod meets UE4,[deleted]
6c1dhn,A toy open world game,"**Concept Overview:**\n\nAn open world mission based game, where the player plays as toys inside a large home. Instead of the usual island/city setting, the game would be set inside a house scaled up to match the players toy size.\n\n**Setting:**\n\nThe setting would be a single home scaled to match the smaller size of the characters, including distinct areas such as game rooms, children's bed rooms, teenager bed rooms, bathrooms, kitchens, basements and attics.\n\n**Player Types:**\n\n* People: Small Action Figures used for walking around and combat missions. Possibly involving variety in the figures such as melee figures and army figures with guns.\n\n* Cars: Small Model Cars used in race missions and for driving around\n\n* Air Vehicles: Small Model Airplanes and Helicopters that can fly around the house\n\n**Gameplay Mechanics:**\n\n* The game would be an open world that allows players to explore the house and interact on their own or start missions that are either story driven or side quests.\n\n* The Action figures would control in a third person view. With action/platformer controls for movement and combat.\n\n* The Player would be able to jump between action figures, cars, and air planes in a style reminiscent of a child's imagination.\n\n* Cars would drive with a arcade style handling.\n\n* The missions would vary between story style exploring/combat, to driving races and chases.\n\n**Extra Features:**\n\n* Ideally the game would include a multiplayer component either localized to missions or allowing multiple players to explore the open world together."
6bzym8,Space Truckin',"Simple. Make a big rig space truck haulin' game.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nCould be from side view 2d platformer or.. Even better yet from the drivers seat. You would have to pick up and deliver shipments to different locations. Mix in lots of humor, references, you know.. a fun loving game.\n\n&amp;nbsp;\n\nThis on mobile would be fun as a simple clicker or just something to do upkeep on going. There are many different things which could be added after release or even as a in game currency upgrade."
6bzt3y,What happens in a players mind during a branch and join of possible ways the game could happen?,"Example: Mario is about to fall on either of 2 near monsters (if moves a little left or right), but if falls in the middle of them will hit one on the side and die. After bouncing on either the left or right monster will continue to the right. Whats going through the players mind when choosing to slow down or speed up to land on one monster or the other, and why is this more fun than the player's current path being the best thing to do?\n\nA similar example is racing games about to hit an obstacle so slide left or right, either way losing speed to friction but slightly differently.\n\nWhat is fun made of? I suspect its related to such arbitrary choices where you have to change something and once you start changing it becomes harder to switch to the alternative. Freedom can be mass produced if it has little effect on the future (joining the later part of the game either way)."
6byvmf,Science-themed games,"I'm thinking about developing a few games that have science (or more generally, any field of inquiry) in them, without being the kind of in-your-face educational game that nobody likes (no trivia games).\n\nI'm wondering if this sub can help ... At this point, I'm brainstorming, so I don't need fully developed ideas, broad concepts are fine too.\n\nTo get it started, I've come up with some concepts, so you know what kind of beast I have in mind.\n\n- An adventure-platformer where each level is about rescuing (or maybe taking photos of - evidence of existence) an endangered animal. Settings for the levels contain details about the habitats of said animals.\n\n- Action game where you play a superhero performing many missions to save the world. However, every gadget or superpower you have is a product of research you do in your secret lab. Kinda like Batman, but with a dual mode: one where you complete missions, another where you choose how to guide your research to develop useful tools.\n\n- Game where you play an animal in a bad situation in various minigames. Say, a time-limited minigame where a turtle has to eat as much as possible, while avoiding eating plastic. Or a monkey trying to survive in a human-caused fire.\n\n- An adventure game where you are a brain, using brain-machine interfaces to control various robotic bodies with different abilities.\n\n- A poker game where you can see the brain activity of your adversaries and use that to try and guess when they're bluffing.\n\n- A game where you have to spend some time deciding how to distribute resources to protect the island where your city is from incoming storms. This involves levels of increasing difficulty, where you learn, step by step, which signals from a storm help you predict their evolution.\n\nSo, I hope you enjoy these ideas ... I think ... Either games where you play a researcher/scientist role or games where any informational content/message is the background for the action (even if the mechanics themselves have nothing to do with the content).\n\nHope I'm not breaking any rules here and we have fun with our game ideas. Help me come out with many more. :)"
6bye5t,Harvest Moon/Stardew Valley meets tower defense.,"Pretty much how it sounds, imagine you have to do the normal farming and such, but you have to also defend your farm. Depending on how you do this, you could have animals running on treadmills to power traps or towers or what have you. Maybe have bio generators that power stuff if you dump plants in it. Things like that, while keeping the core of farming style game with a town and shop and interactions with NPCs."
6bycc9,OctoMaze - Would you play this? Why? Why not?,"I'm looking for some feedback on the entire concept of the game as well as the UI and navigation. None of the UI is permanent and a lot of it has kind of been thrown together to try and get a good theme going but to no prevail :). The plan is to release the game on all mobile devices. As for the concept, the idea is that you have a grid of octagons that you can rotate 45 degrees at a time. Each edge can have a wall or not but the idea is to turn each individual octagon until you're able to go from finish to finish. Once you do that, you've beaten that particular level. Some screenshots:\n\nStart screen: http://imgur.com/uWuxD2E\n\nPuzzle categories screen(Get here from clicking Play): http://imgur.com/PjcoFxd\n\nChoose a puzzle screen(Get here from choosing a category): http://imgur.com/qYxReZP\n\nPlay the puzzle screen(Get here from choosing a puzzle): http://imgur.com/gOjawEg\n\nEdit 1: So I've taken in some feedback, with some further development; the settings screen. This is what it looks like at the moment. I'm pretty sure the feedback has done WONDERS: https://i.imgur.com/wKOCsH5.png"
6bxjsc,Riot Police game?,"Thought of a game where you could play as a Riot Responder, perhaps in the London Riots, a fictional riot, or even many different riots, and experience the stress and terror of a job like that first-hand, while trying to fend off the attack and restore peace, I thought it was an interesting concept, and if done right could be a fun and interesting game."
6btquy,Need ways to kill enemies with the environment. Got any ideas?,I'm making a game where you don't have proper weapons to kill an enemy that follows you. Therefor you must either be stealthy or use the environment to kill your enemy. But i'm hitting a creative wall. I can only think of things like dropping a boulder on them or cutting the end of a bridge they are walking on. Anyone have any better ideas?  \n  \nEDIT: [Here's a simple one I made using an old DnD trap as a refrence](http://imgur.com/a/Y2Scc). Please excuse the terrible gif quality.
6br7d3,Singleplayer Base Building Defence,[deleted]
6bq1p7,Reverse Style Gta Where you play as a police Officer.,"I'm been having these idea for a while in my head that I just wanna get out.Well here it is.What if instead of playing the bad guys you play as the police officers.Here is how I imvison the game\n\nFeatures.\n\n-branching storyline where depending on the choices you make might make you a good or bad cop \n\n-You patrol the streets for things such as heist,robbery,speeding cars,Burgers,Wanted bad guys,ect.\n\n-You can be a detective who investigate crime scenes and solve mysterys\n\n-Online multi-player \n\n-Character costimization"
6bpxn7,Military Base Tycoon,"Similar graphics to the classic roller coaster tycoon and sim city games.\n\nBasically, choose what branch you want to mainly be, place a few buildings, get grants from the government to start building things, and eventually having a fully operational base that your country can use.\n\nExample: I like the Air Force, so I'll choose a country, and where in the country I want to build it. I'll start with building my first airstrip(probably starting with dirt and later upgrading it to asphalt) and a hanger with a couple planes. Since I have planes, I'm going to need to hire civilian employees to maintain them or I can procure enlisted personnel to work on them.\n\n It would be as if it's a real Air Force base. I would need everything from a base commander all the way down to the cooks in the chow hall. I'll need medical facilities for my personnel, housing for them, a gym, a on base food store, gas station for their cars to get to work and even fire stations. I'll need the age yard for all aircraft generators. I'll need training managers to keep my enlisted people trained and knowledgeable. Security reps to prevent threats. I'll need base security even with gate guards and patrolling cars for the flightline.\n\nThis has potential to be a really big game, full of complex situations.\n\nPlease give me feedback and maybe forward this idea to makers that can get this in the works."
6bok6s,"A game that's like real life, except its a game.","I know what you're thinking: why not just play real life? Well, there is an important and unavoidable difference between life and a game that's identical to life: its a game. A game is unable to deliver real punishment. In real life, you might spend a few years in jail, experience pain, or even be shot depending on your action. In a game, your character gets these, but you can always log out or create a new character. This creates an inherent difference in the way people play games vs. the way they ""play"" real life. I think that this would be a good social experiment."
6bmlry,Mario Maker for PC with workshop!,I love mario maker but nintendo didn't gave the game good updates and didn't let anyone stream it without make them pay for it.\n\nBut a game like that will work better on pc.
6blw6i,Need help from everybody,"Hey, I've posted a couple threads about this a few months ago, but I need pun food names for my game, an example is eggcelent eggs. Any help is appreciated, thanks."
5qqe47,3 times sex with different girls or my real story how I found 3 girls for 1 month,[removed]
5qptov,Final Victor [Hunger Games themed game] [Immense detail] [Feedback needed],"The actual google document I created is extremely long. It is filled with about 30 or so sections of different aspects of the game. I will shorten those aspects into a (hopefully) short reddit post. If you are a game developer and are interested in working on this game or if you need more information, email me finalvictorofficial@gmail.com\n\nHere's some words I will be referring to often and what they mean.\nDisasters | The disasters in an arena is a environmental challenge that will vary depending on the map. Ex: Flooding, Earthquakes to level buildings, Fires, Acidic rain (Only in maps that provide cover)\n\nMutants | Mutants include any animal combination or even normal animals that are made to fight in the arena. Ex: Direwolves, Cheetahs, Wolf pack, Monkeys, Kangaroo lions, Birds\n\n\nThe basic element of this game is one player against 23 others in an arena. Each game will last no more than 66 minutes, and the length will vary depending on how fast the players die in the arena. Players must not only fight other players, but survive by themselves in the massive arena.\n\nQueue\n\nPlayers will queue from the main menu. They will have the choice of Casual games, Competitive games, Practice games against bots, and Tutorial games against bots. All of these are the same basic type of game play, but the statistics recorded will vary. In Casual, the player will be able to play without fearing of losing a rank or points. In Competitive, players will compete to earn a rank, and will gain points to reach a new rank if they win, and will loose points if they lose the game. In Practice games, they are free to fight against bots of different difficulties. In Tutorial games, messages will pop up around certain aspects of the game to inform the player of what that item, disaster, mutant, or environmental item from the arena does.\n\nSponsoring Mechanics\n\nSponsoring works randomly. One sponsor pack is given to a random tribute every two minutes. It is dropped in a small or large size package in a location around them. It has a flashing white light and a loud beeping noise to tell you and other tributes around you that a supply drop has been delivered. The following is what can be found in these packages. \n\nSmall Packages (Always includes at least 3 of these things)\nFood : Fruit, Sandwiches, Vegetables, Meats, Nuts, MRE (Package with powder inside of it, pour water inside and wait 30 seconds for it to cook, It can be eaten then as a meal. If the package is dropped, then the powder inside will fall out, and you can no longer use it.), Bread,  \n- Harmful Food: Nightlock berries, Poisoned Fruit (Very colorful, exotic), Hallucinogenic Berries (if ingested, debilitating hallucinations will take effect in 30 seconds.),   \nDrinks : Water, Gatorade, Milk [Expires quickly]\nOffensive Items: Knives, Heavy Swords, Tomahawks, Medium size Axes,  Blow Dart guns and darts, [Pistols (with 2-5 bullets) RARE], arrows (10-22)\nSurvival Items: Lighters (with a small canister of lighter fluid), Thermal blankets on cold maps, Water purification drinking straws, Fire torch, \nMedicine: Burn cream, Sting cream, Bandages (with medical tape), \nLarge Packages (Always includes at least 3 of these things)\nBlades/Other: Swords, Bows (with 15 arrows), Axes, Spears, Throwing knives, \nArmor: Bark, Leather, Chainmail, Iron, Kevlar, \n- Includes 2-3 pieces of armor (out of 4: Legs, Torso, Arms, Helmet)\nMines, Dynamite (With roll of extended fuses), Flamethrowers, RPG (with 2 rockets)\n\nWhen a player gets a kill, they are dropped anywhere from 1-3 packages. These packages could be 2 Large and 1 Small, or 2 Small and 1 Large. This will repeat every single time they get a kill.\nAt the 25 minute mark in the Arena period, another round of sponsor drops start. One large and One small package is dropped to the tributes every minute.\n\nMaps\n\nThere will be many different types of maps in order to provide the player with a variety of gameplay. Certain maps will have unique disasters and mutants, as well as certain items that correspond with the terrain. Ex: Snakes, Cheetahs on a Jungle map. Some examples of different maps would be a forest map, a temple map, a jungle map, a city map, a map with mountains, etc.\n\nTribute Death\n\nWhen a tribute’s health reaches zero, they are dead. A massive explosion sounds above them, alerting players around them and others in the arena where the tribute has died. Once the explosion sounds a flare is sent into the air. This gives a Capital Jet the location of the dead tribute. The jet then flies above the tribute in the arena, and 6 ropes fall from the jet. 6 Peacekeepers slide down these ropes. Four of them are in all black armor and the other two are in red and white armor. The red and white peacekeepers are medics, while the all black peacekeepers are the highest level of rifle-carrying peacekeeper. The high level peacekeepers form a square shape around the body. A 7th rope falls with a large metal capsule. The capsule is then assisted into laying on the ground by the medic peacekeepers. They lift the body into the capsule, seal it, and it lifts up into the jet on the rope. The remaining get back on their 6 ropes and lift into the capital jet.\nIf any of the peacekeepers are attacked, they begin following the player that tried to attack them. If they can see him, they fire their rifles and kill the tribute. The medic peacekeepers get on their ropes and lift into the jet, then the jet leaves.The 4 marksman wait on the body until another jet arrives. \nIf the tribute that fired at the peacekeepers manages to run out of their sight, they pursue on foot. If the tribute lasts for more than 5 minutes, another group of 4 is released into the arena to also hunt him. This continues until the tribute dies. Once the tribute is dead, all peacekeepers run to the outskirts of the arena to leave the game. They do not attack other tributes unless they are attacked.\n\n\nPlayer HUD\nThe player will have a health bar ranging from 1-100. When the health bar reaches zero, they are dead.\nThe player will also have a food bar ranging from 1-20. The food bar will deplete .5 points at a time. When the food bar reaches zero, the player will lose 20 points of health every minute until they either eat more food or their health bar will reach zero. They will loose about .33 points of health every second.\nThe player will also have a thirst bar, which will range from 1-50. They will lose 8 points every minute, and will need to drink to keep it up. Drinks like water will give them 15 points, while other drinks will give them 25 to 35 points.\nThe player will have 2 hands, capable of holding one weapon each.\n\nI would really like to know what aspects you guys want to hear/add to this game. This isn't everything, but it is the main elements players will face while in the arena. \n\nOnce again, if you are a developer looking to work on this game or need more information, email me at finalvictorofficial@gmail.com\n\n"
5qoiuh,Harry potter,I have an idea for a harry Potter game set in  a free roam World like skyrim
5qmj0b,"Guys, I advise you this free and well trusted Internet dating which will help you girls for your interestes",[removed]
5qkyvl,3D chatroom,"the whole idea is that it's a miniaturized Second Life of sorts where you can build a house, hotel, or something, and then invite friends to rollplay, watch videos, etc. you could import models to act as playermodels, and make props/items."
5qkfuo,Game idea based on a Creepypasta?,"Hello,lately I've been into creepypasta and read quite a few actually.Since I'm a programmer I'm kinda looking for a creepypasta I could turn into a game.I would like it to be short and clean.Suggestions?"
5qjzp5,Small game ideas to make for my portfolio.,[deleted]
5qjof8,"Multiplayer game where you choose between different sets of abilities, but you need all of them to complete the game.","I got this idea while playing Sly 3: Honor Among Thieves. In the game, you play as a gang of thieves where each member has different talents and limitations. The player switches between the characters to get through the game, but from the characters' point of view, they're heavily relying on each other to get the job done and not get caught.\nSo, that gave me and idea: What if there was a game where you have to use different characters' abilities together, but you could only control one. You'd have to get another player to help you, or else be stuck. This could be done by online matchmaking, or split-screen multiplayer on the same screen. I think online would be better, because with split-screen you could just swap controllers and defeat the purpose of the game. However, many consoles require you to pay extra to be able to connect the game to the internet, like with Xbox live, so not everyone could play it. What do you think?"
5qjgd8,Му truе stоrу аbоut hоw I hаvе fоund girls fоr sех,[removed]
5qir83,Got a game idea but not sure if it's good.,So I am currently looking for a project to develop a game. I don't really expect to finish it but i just want it there as a time filler. So recently I got into the game Rimworld. And I love the concept of being able to raid and build up your colony and survive. So I wanted to have that core game genre. But I could not think of an idea that isn't totally ripping Rimworld off. I finally came to the conclusion that I would create a zombie apocalypse base builder. I'm not sure if that idea has been overused. I haven't really seen it around much. But the general idea is that you are in a zombie apocalypse. You would take in survivors. Build up your base. Set up trade routes with other communities etc.  But I'm not really sure if that would work of if it's that great. I am pretty much a game dev noob. So this would also be a learn as you go sort of thing. I'd love to see your feedback on this. Thanks.
5qgrel,Frее Intеrnеt dаting sitе with mаnу diffеrеnt girls. Му rеаl stоrу аbоut 3 timеs with 3 diffеrеnt girls fоr guуs,[removed]
5qfi52,Unique ways to do a programming game?,"The actual programming element would be something similar to Scratch.\n\nI also want it to be a more open world type game, and it being a rogue like is always a plus.\n\nI pretty much have the whole game thought out in my head, but I just need somewhere to put the programming part."
5qe5yl,Need some ideas for a Nintendo Switch game!,"I recently was able to get a license to Nintendo Developer Portal and am now able to make games for any Nintendo console (that is available, of course) I've been trying to also think of a game that could utilize both of the motion controllers. Any ideas?"
5qd89y,"Free-To-Play idea - ""The Whale""","I've been kicking around this idea in my head for a while, but I know nothing about game development so I might as well throw it out here.\n\nI've always found it interesting that only about 2% of people who play free-to-play games actually end up spending money. I think it would be cool to actually turn this into a game mechanic.\n\nWhen you download the game for free, you are put in an arena with tons of other players. There's also a giant terrifying monster called ""The Whale"" who lumbers around stomping and eating the players. All the other players can do is run and try to hide. I think it would be a huge adrenaline rush trying to be one of the few survivors, as everyone is just running around frantically and it's just pure chaos as everyone is trying to not get eaten.\n\nThe Whale, of course, is massive and super powerful. And in order to play as The Whale, you have to unlock him by paying a few bucks.\n\nThat's pretty much it. Hundreds of little free players running around while the one person who paid gets to chase them and eat them. Obviously there would be a lot of balancing issues to work out, with the ratio of free players to paying players changing over time, and amount of users currently playing. Also, there would have to be multiple separate games going at the same time to ensure that each game only has *one* Whale.\n\nAnyway, it's not really trying to make a statement about anything. Just an idea I thought would be fun and interesting."
5qbs9k,"A 2D platformer where every time you collect coins/gems/(insert collectible thingy here) your sprite gets larger, which is necessary in order to get access to the higher/further areas to progress","Simple concept, you control a character in a 2D platform level. There are collectible somethings that are found either on the ground or in enemies or chests or some combination of the above. Collecting them makes your sprite grow bigger, which also allows you to jump proportionally higher and further, but makes it harder to access smaller spaces.\n\nThe level design is where this gets interesting. You could do it semi-recursively or fractally, where the smallest spaces could exist inside of a superstructure that becomes just another part of the level as you get large enough to jump on it, which would itself be just another part of a larger level.\n\nThe challenge would be finding enough grow-stuff to get you to the next layer of scale so that you can eventually get to another layer until you manage to get to the end of the level, or hit a certain size. Perhaps the player could choose to become smaller, as well, by ""ejecting"" grow-stuff and leaving it behind in order to access smaller areas, that way the game becomes about how to collect the stuff in a way that you can progress without getting stuck or losing access to areas for being too small or too big.\n\nThoughts?"
5qb744,Requesting over the top ideas for a simple game.,"The funnier the better, looking for simple games that can be made without intermediate programming knowledge."
5qawtn,[Request] Game that somehow relates to Engineering,[deleted]
5q8zs2,"Share your game on ""Developer's Den"" Discord Channel and We'll give you immediate feedback!",
5q15s5,Game idea,my idea: An experimental game where you toggle gravity by controlling the flow of time.
5pzmyz,Meta-ESport,"This game would be a multiplayer game (duh) where players would compete in a variety of different round-based games. Some would be 2d and some would be 3d, and as players got better at a game they would get higher up in that game's leaderboard and also get rewards, such as cool hats and skins."
5pzkti,Drawing/Building .io game,"My idea for an .io game is one where you start out with a hollow, circular ""wall"" with one little dot racing around inside it. It moves in a straight line, and when it hits the wall, it is destroyed, two new dots will appear where it hit the circle, and you will get points. These points can be used to draw new walls. You can also erase walls to allow the dots to come into new areas. But erasing walls can also be used as a way to attack other players. When a dot hits a wall made by a different player that that which the dot belongs to, it will create a large explosion that will destroy the walls and dots in a small area and give you a bunch of points for it. If a dot hits a dot that belongs to a different player, it will destroy all the dots in a large area. This is harmful, because if a player's walls are not hit by dots for a period of time, the player will be out of the game and their walls and dots will be destroyed."
5pyz4x,Government simulation game,"We have a good government simulation game in Democracy 3, but it doesn't cover the intricacies of getting policy passed, which is more important now than ever. It would be cool to have a game where you submit a bill to Congress and have to work to get the votes you need for it to passed, defeat filibusters, etc. When you start a new game, you can pick your position, and then run for higher office if you do a good job.\n\nAs far as political scope, detail should be down to the state level but nobody is expecting pin-point accuracy. Just start the game at the current level of liberals and Conservatives in a normal distribution on the political spectrum (i.e. liberals range from super-left to left of center and vice versa) for each state.\n\nThings like healthcare will be a fight to pass, while other things like ""prevent child murder"" or something clearly everyone is for will pass easily. There should be some bipartisan negotiating to get opponents to vote for it. So there should be individual profiles for each member of the national legislator. Ideally, public support would be taken into account for each party's response and attitude. \n\nAnd of course, the Supreme Court. Make a law to ban Internet trolling, for example, and the Supreme Court strikes it down.\n\nAlso, there should be a campaign mode of this, where you have to run for re-election (or election). [President Infinity](http://270soft.com/us-election-games/president-election-game-2016-infinity/) is a good example of this, it just lacks any sort of gameplay post-election.\n\nThere ARE games out there that have parts of what I'm looking for. [Congress Infinity](http://270soft.com/us-election-games/congress-election-game-2016/) is another one. Also, [Superpower 2](http://store.steampowered.com/app/282400/) has great geopolitical and war gameplay, but little on the legislative side. [McGraw Hill's 'Government in Action'](http://www.mhpractice.com/products/GinA) seems the closest to what I'm looking for but this isn't meant to be a game, rather a learning tool. Plus it's horribly expensive at $40 for 6 months."
5pxri5,Need Help with a basic storyline," I am working on a platform game and I need some help with the direction of my story.  I am setting up my game so most of the art is dark, shadows and very little color.  The hero of the game must collect crystals to keep the game from going totally dark. Once the screen becomes dark the hero dies.\n\nI am stuck on how to make this into a story.  Why is it dark?, how did my hero become involved?  Etc…"
5pxf8b,Another random idea about godslayers,"A game where gods are a major source of problems for players, but are also absolutely necessary, so that everything (not literally) falls apart when they're dead.\n\nThis would hopefully lead to dynamics where a big part of gameplay is the struggle between angry mobs who are sick of sacrificing sheep and self-proclaimed paladins who protect gods because they know that when gods are dead, everything ends eventually.\n\nI wonder how hard would it be to make sure that the sides are usually more or less balanced. Experienced players are more likely to side with gods, and in general the game would really depend on the distribution of skill in the player population."
5px99a,"[Request] Building first game, looking for suggestions/ideas","Alright so my background is as a web developer/programmer and have been doing that for a good while now.  I consider my self a pretty good programmer and have done quite a bit of tutorials/introductory games to dip my feet a bit in game dev.  I'm an ok, but not great artist.  Anyways I'm looking for ideas/suggestions/themes/etc. for my first full fledged game."
5pw49a,[Request] Extending a simple 3D first-person game,"Hi, I've written a simple 3D game where the player walks around, and there are enemies walking around too.  Currently the player has to walk around graveyard collecting mcguffins while avoiding the enemies.  Does anyone have any suggestions as to what I could add to it?  Please bear mind that it's single player, and 3D gfx are *not* my strong point, so I'm limited to what free assets I can find.\n\nThanks!"
5pw3gn,2D Top View Pirate Game (Early Concept),"Each of the imgur links has an image/description describing this idea/concept. UPDATE 1.\n \nComplete Album Link: http://imgur.com/a/KpS1o\n \n&gt;Update 1 (1/26/17): A few sea creatures, Link: http://imgur.com/a/QUhOn   \nThe invidual update can be read from the link above, or you could read it from the complete album link."
5ptjnq,Bot or Player?,"Hey guys, here's a pretty abstract idea that came to me randomly.\n\nThere are two teams, with equal people on each team.\n\nThere is a team leader on each team, who is a real person every time.\n\nThe other players are randomly chosen to be either bots or real people. All the other players get randomized names. The same amount of real people are on each team.\n\nThe teams battle it out for however many rounds, perhaps settable based on difficulty or custom choice.\n\nThen, each of the team leaders has to pick which people are the real players, and not the bots.\n\nThe team leader that picks the most humans and the least bots wins for their team."
5psnkk,You are the letter Q. Z kidnaps your partner U. You must fight your way into Z's castle and get him back.,I had to re-post this because the original was fraught with typos.
5ps6bs,Good Internеt sеx dating sitе with а lot of girls,[removed]
5prunc,Need help expanding idea.,"I currently have an idea for a game I would like to make, and would love help expanding upon.\n\nThe idea: a tycoon-like game (similar to hospital sim/game dev tycoon)  where you control a space company during the space race.\n\nArt: it would look similar to 50's comic books or science fiction novel covers, a good modern example is the incredibles.\n\nMechanics:\n-government faith: can be raised by making cost effective rockets, and accomplishing government milestones(spy sats,man on moon, etc) effects government funding. Lowered by creating rockets that are too expense or failed missions.\n\n-public faith: the faith of the public, can be raised by completing successful missions or reaching public milestones(orbit, man in space, man on moon, etc), effects chance of donating and effectiveness of fundraisers. Lowered by failed missions.\n\n-government funding: you would get an amount of money each in-game month that can be raised by getting more government faith. Easier game mode = more funding.\n\n-taxes: an amount reduced from your funding and donation money.\n\n-fundraising: public events to raise money, costs a certain amount to organize, public faith effects how efficient it is.\n\n-success chance: chance your rocket mission with succeed, raised by using more expensive parts.\n\n-research: an amount of your choice deducted from your monthly income, used to fund research for better cheaper rocket parts.\n\n-tourism: the higher your public faith the more tourism and more revenue from tourism.\n\n-loans: used to get money, the more money the higher the interest rate.\n\n-skill curve: the skill curve would start with the cheap parts effective in the beginning and fading out of relevance, better parts cost more.\n\nI would also like to include a design system like in hospital sim.\nAny thoughts/ideas are greatly appreciated."
5prulz,Social VR Game Idea,"Okay, so I had an idea for a cool little social VR app that could quite easily be developed in a 3d program like Unity. Okay, so it will be a social VR application for Android / IOS that uses multiplayer functions and the phones microphones to make a social VR game. The game will be you and your friends / random people that's heads are planets. The front of each planet would be their some googly eyes or something like that and you could each choose what planet you would want to be.\n\nThis would be a cool game idea and it would run on almost any phone because it does not require much rendering power for each game; it is rendering some spheres with some textures on them and a mostly black sky-box. The black sky-box would benefit some android phones where they turn off pixels that are black to save power.\n\nThanks for reading (I may do this myself if i have the time :P.), Jilk"
5prnmr,"So im still a bit new to Game Maker, and would like some advice on where to take this game im working on...",
5pr90l,2D story-driven Action/platformer emulating mental disorders,"As the title suggests, it's a pretty niche idea, and I'm not too sure whether there's even a need or audience for it, but I'm thinking it up anyway. \n\nThe main 'selling point' of the game, I guess, is that each character represents a specific mental disorder, and based on selected character, the world is bent and distorted to fit the image. \n\nTo give you a better idea of what I mean, here's an example: a character that emulates schizophrenia would be played in a heavily distorted world, where AI-controlled NPCs would constantly change visually, and where most of mundane of objects would have possibility to 'evolve' into something obscure. Throughout the playthrough, players would listen to the audio-simulations of what schizophrenics supposedly hear (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vvU-Ajwbok). When it comes to decision making, choices, as well as the decision itself, would be heavily exaggerated, as to fit the narrative.\n\nAs another example, let's take PTSD: depending on the 'trigger' (which would be randomized), from something like a gunshot to something as simple as whiz of the wind, the world around the character would distort and revert back to the event which caused PTSD (war, abuse etc.) and players would have to fight out of it, only to come back to the 'real' world where character is curled up or something along those lines. \n\nThe point of the game, at least the way I imagine, is to personalize these mental disorders that many people still lack knowledge of, and provide as truthful of a representation as possible as to what they would look like in reality. As there is a rather wide array of mental disorders, possibilities would be endless, as would the narratives, and differences would be possible even within the scope of the same mental disorder (i.e. PTSD and what caused it). \n\nObviously, as to not appear distasteful, the subject matter would have to be treated with care, and it wouldn't really become a best-seller of any kind, I imagine. \n\nAnyway guys, it's just a rough idea that's been dancing around my mind lately, and I figured I'd share it to see reactions from other people, whatever they may be. Thanks for reading :) "
5pqvtk,A game where the only goal is to create the game inside the game.,"Upon the game being completed, the universe it was created in ""switches off"" and terminates, with you being thrown into the new universe. You have to build more and more complex universes until you have completed the final boss, ""XY1"", and then you can view everything you have done."
5poh1j,What would make a survival game interesting?,"We see a ton of survival games with same old mechanics (resource management, crafting, zombies attacking etc.) for last 5 years. What kind of mechanic do you think would make a survival game interesting? Not only mechanics but all kinds of ideas are welcome."
5pnyyn,"Fantasy MMORPG with static controllable territory, resets every year.","I've yet to see a game like this.  \nUsually, in MMORPGs, progression is staged and doled out individually.  \nYou and other players start out in a few beaten down villages.  \nYou, work with other players to build up the village into a town.  \nTown into a City, City into a Metropolis, etc.  \nYou do the typical gear reward grind.  \nThe twist is, at the end of the year, a antagonist destroys the entire world. (Gods? Dragons? Sentient meteor?)  \nYou, and everyone else wake up, re-incarnated, the world born anew.  \nYour gear stats reset, but keep the looks you previously earned, which change year to year.  \n  \nCan you and the other souls trapped in this cycle defeat final boss (0) in time?  \nI'm thinking magic and science theme, where as your world progresses, you can unlock luxuries like cars, magical floating citadels, and maybe even go into space after the first final boss is defeated.  \n  \nLet's say year 2, final boss is cleared right(0)? New final boss appears(1), you keep your progress, and work on conquering more world / space. (2) is clear successfully that year. Progression continues.  \nFinal boss (3) turns out to be a little too tough for your server. Instead of crashing all the way to 0, you move back to the territory you owned in (1).  \n  \nSo you'll have really hardcore world servers up to boss (6) who are on the moon, deep in the earth, farming the sun. and more casual (2) servers still on the planet, but having access to so pretty fun stuff."
5pnh1z,You are the letter Q. Z kidnaps your partner U and you be to fight your at to him.,[deleted]
5pncgw,"I’ve rеgistered for а lоt оf оf sеx dating site, but thеу aslеd mе moneу fоr using. I’ve fоund provеn dating wеbsite which helpеd tо find 3 girls for sеx",[removed]
5pkt88,How can my game/core idea improve?,"http://gamejolt.com/games/out-of-fuel/223924\nRead and check out the game before replying!\n\nI've been developing this game for a few months now, and I'm still debating what I should add in. Should there be a level editor? Larger levels? More realistic vehicle physics?\n\nI've done a few other games, such as Project Wheels, and I'm hoping this game can be a more based around global leaderboards."
5wj19q,Game where you can play a wide variety of animals and utilize their unique abilities/skills,"It would be cool if you could choose to be a wide variety of animals with each unique skills, like a cat, a bird, or a special kind of insect, that has very different aspects so you can access certain places or have a very specific kind of hunting (like a web with a spider). \nIf you've chose your animal you can free roam in a habitat of choice.\nMaybe some fantasy could be mixed in ;).\nMore ideas/tips about this would be awesome, it definitely needs something extra."
5wivvb,10th Annual Game Design Challenge,
5wf15p,Lovecraftian or Pirates-of-the-Caribbean-esque pirate horror game.,"You are a pirate in quest for... something, it could be legendary booty, some object of power, or a tome of forbidden knowledge in a mad gamble to achieve immortality.\n\nYou board a ship and enter the sea, an open world. The map will start out mostly blank, as these are forbidden waters that few dare to roam and fewer/none return from. You can choose a random direction to go to, and you will eventually find an important location or event. The story will start out differently depending on where you first arrive. Each location will leave a clue directing you somewhere else, giving important knowledge or items, or adding another crew member.\n\nIn route to your next destination, you have the option to go to sleep which will trigger the next event, but there should be things in place that would make you want to roam the ship so that it feels like you're traveling. Talking to people, reading books of lore which can give you hints, perhaps minigames/gambling with an impact on story regarding certain people. The next event should happen after an appropriately long enough time anyway so that you don't necessarily have to sleep if you wait long enough.\n\n""Events"" could be anything from arriving at your next destination, to being attacked by sea monsters en route, to crew members mutinying/betraying others, possible murder mystery scenario etc.\n\nDifferent islands/locations have puzzles and combat, with specific objectives such as steal X sacred artifact from the native tribe to unlock a tomb in location Y, which you learned about via Z, whether it be a fortune teller/lorebook/journal. Combat/sneaking/exploring may feel similar to Tomb Raider.\n\nIt would be stacked with lots of lore, either told through the journals of those that came before, the myths of the locals, or maddening texts of unknown origin. Most lore would have some sort of direct relevance to gameplay and story as many things mentioned will be useful later, or locations/people/creatures can be visited and seen, whether you can actually experience it or just obverve the aftermath."
5wd1rl,A space based horror game without any sound.,"The basic idea is a first person survival horror game (in the vein of stuff like Amnesia/Soma/Outlast) set on a space station, in which you have to survive monsters genetically engineered to survive in hard vacuum (I'm imagining something in the vein of a gigantic, predatory tardigrade).  The twist is that, since the station has suffered a catastrophic vacuum breach, there's no sound outside of your own suit (edit:so you'd still hear your own breathing, radio messages and cooling fans and whatnot), so you're forced to rely entirely on your sight to sense enemies. Since I'd imagine a vacuum engineered predator would also be really good at sensing vibrations, you'd also need to be real careful about controlling your movement."
5wcir1,IDEAS FOR A GAME SIMILAR TO CLASH OF CLANS/ BOOM BEACH,"hi everyone,\nI  am thinking to develop a strategy game similar to CoC and Boom Beach. However, the version I want to develop is more enhanced.\ni dont know what the platform will be, and what the game story should be.\nPLEASE let me know what would be the best strategy game in your point of view and it should contain. THANKS"
5wcggj,"VR game idea ""try not to barf""","I would love to see a 2 player VR game where the main mechanic is, your headset controls the other players vision. The goal is both people are given a point and the first person to look at the point wins. "
5wc9v2,Goodies And Baddies,using a pool table with red and yellow balls choose which balls are good (red) and which ones are bad (yellow) then try to use red to knock yellow into a hole or vice versa the winner is the one who has knocked all the opponents balls In the holes
5wa96s,Flappy RPG,[removed]
5w8lye,Beat match records as little people running on 3D vinyls adjusted according to your run speed and direction,You could even have little people adjusting a mixer in the middle of two record decks
5w7wih,Need help Again :T,"Hello again, do any of you remember my other post the ""Need Boss ideas plz :D"" well I need some help.... again :T. I'm designing the bosses oh yeah also thank you for everybody, anyway I need help for the main character. It can be anything like food, animals etc. \nSooo any ideas?? :T\n\nEDIT:The theme is 1930s cartoons"
5w5s4x,(Help)Ideas for a sidescrolling farming game,"Hi,\nI have some Ideas for a little farning game, but some mechanics arent perfect and i hope you can suggest me something.\n\nSo the game would be a 2D sidescroller farming game with 2 core mechanics.\nFirst there would be the farm, where you have multiple animals and some ressources, you can feed, breed and other things.\nIm not sure how this will work in a sidescrolling perspective.\n\nThen there would be some sort of adventuregame, where you try to catch new animals for your farm. \nDo anyone have a idea what would be a fun mechanic to catch these animals, inclusive rare animals and maybe some sort of level-system for these?\nSo after a while in the endgame the goal is to have rarer/ higher level animals to produce more ressources and level then even more up.\n\nIf you can contribute something to this idea, feel free to do so.\n\nThink of this game as a mixture between fallout shelter and harvest moon. "
5w3iwa,Jasmine,
5w1lwt,MOBA with a grand array of customization,"So this is something that has been inside my head for a solid 3 years now. It has a rather complicated system behind it, so I'll try to boil it down to concepts only and not straight up ideas.\n\nThe premise of my idea is to break traditional MOBA standards and try to improve it based on how other games of entirely different genres attract players. MOBAs have always been straight up picking a pre-set character with pre-set skills (sometimes varying) and a small arena for a small amount of players. \n\nInstead, you create your own character. Hair, gender, facial and body features, the usual MMO stuff. It is also, much like Smite, 3rd person to put more focus on you controlling a custom character as if it was you, so WASD controls apply. When choosing your abilities, it starts to get interesting.\n\nInstead of classes or talents, you pick elements. There are 7 main element types:\n\n* Fire\n\nFocuses on sustained damage. All around well-balanced elements.\n\n* Water\n\nFocuses on crowd control, support and light burst.\n\n* Earth\n\nFocuses on slow heavy burst and strong defense.\n\n* Air\n\nFocuses on mobility and support.\n\n* Light\n\nFocuses on crowd control and mobility.\n\n* Dark\n\nFocuses on damage and mobility.\n\n* Physical\n\nFocuses on melee combat.\n\n\nAll elements have different skills. For example, you can pick Magma, which is a Fire and Earth type element. You can pick Dream which is a Light type, or just simply Fire which is a Fire type. All these elements have their own set of skills. The Fire element could have a basic straight line Fireball as a skill for instance. Every element consists at least of four skill. Two basic skills (Fireball + Flame Dash), one enchantment (this skill enchants the weapon of yourself or an ally, depending on the enchantment) and an ultimate (big ability). Now all of this is very MOBA-like, four abilities, perhaps some with more or passive attributes to accommodate the four skills. \n\nBut here's the kicker: You can choose *two* elements to use at the same time. So you can choose to have a character that has the Fire and Dream elements. That way, you are able to combine the abilities of the Fire element and the Dream element. You are still only able to choose two basic abilities (maybe one Fire and one Dream ability, or two Fire abilities), one enchantment and one ultimate. And you can freely choose what abilities you want to use.\n\nIn addition, you choose a combat style. Currently, the ones I have in mind are Sorcerer, Combatant and Enchanter. These grant varying stats. Sorcerer grants cast speed, Combatant attack speed, and Enchanter opens up two enchantment slots for your skills so you can use the enchantment skills of both elements at the cost of one basic skill.\n\nOn top of that, you have weapon types. Weapon types are also varying in stats and attributes. You can choose to equip two one-handed swords, both of which grant your character with stats to skills and advantages such as faster attacks than axes, which in turn would deal more damage. Weapons could have unique attributes, such as cudgels being very fast when swinging at nothing, but when hitting something, slows down the  attack speed. You can have weapons such as simple torches or branches which boost damage output and healing output respectively. Shields which grant you stronger defenses and bare hands which increase the effect of your combat style. All whilst granting some weapons unique secondary attacks, such as the before-mentioned cudgel having a much harder swing, which knocks the enemy down for a second.\n\nAnd even more, you can choose two traits for your character, some being locked behind elemental types you currently are using. Using an Earth type element could give you the ability to choose the trait ""Unstopable"", granting you immunity to stuns, or a type-less trait ""Swift"", granting you passive movement speed increase when dodging an attack.\n\nAll of this going on in much bigger maps than the same old 5v5 that happens. Think Tribes, WoW Alterac Valley, massive scale fighting with more focus on splitting teams apart to do objectives so it doesn't end up in a 20v20 spamfest. With lots of sideobjectives that are best done with two people running off to do them contesting three other people to create a smaller battle here and there. \n\nThe elements and weapons can be unlockable through regular play. 30 mins to unlock a new one, with lots to choose from so you're always able to try new stuff and don't get overwhelmed. Also purchasable with money if you have the attention-span of a pidgeon or made a new account for some reason. New elements and weapons can be introduced regularly with new maps. Outfit pieces and weapon skins randomly drop when playing, allowing you to customize your character on a basic level.\n\nMicrotransactions exist of premium outfits, hair styles, weapon skins and maybe special effects to your specific element of choosing. \n\nThese ideas are heavily inspired by Guild Wars 1, where customization was the #1 reason people played the game. I will give an example of a set of skills and elements that can make a skill-kit:\n\n________________________________\n\nEarth (Earth type) and Arcane (Light and Dark type) elements, Enchanter with Scepter and bare hand.\n\nQ, Earthen Force (basic skill): A slow-moving ravine shoots forth, damaging anyone in a straight line, slowing enemies hit. 2 second channel time.\n\nW, Core Shield (enchantment): Apply an enchantment to the weapon of you or an ally, shielding them from the next x amount of damage they take. Attacking with the weapon will cause an additional x damage, based on how much health the shield had left.\n\nE, Barrier (enchantment): Apply an enchantment to your weapon, granting it a channeled barrier in front of you with x health, blocking any projectiles.\n\nR: Distortion (ultimate): Target an area and pull all enemies in that area close into the center. They cannot move for a few seconds or until they take damage. Instant.\n\nTraits:\n\nUnstoppable: Cannot be stunned or knocked down. (Acquired through Earth's Earth type)\n\nBeacon: Allies move faster when close to you. (Acquired through Arcane's Light type)\n______________________________\n\nSo the strategy of this build is to be a protective character. Using Scepters would increase the potency of enchantments, the enchanter combat style further increases your enchantment strength and attack speed paired with the fact that one hand is bare-handed, amplifying the combat style. \n\nThe more health your Core Shield has, the more damage it will absorb and deal when used fresh on an enemy to deal damage. So it is an effective way of making an ability stronger defensively and offensively. If you have your ult, you can use it to slow all of them with the synergy of the Earthen Force, and Unstoppable works very well with Barrier, since a stun that isn't a projectile would stop the player from keeping the Barrier up to protect his teammates. Beacon grants even more team-play strength.\n\nSo what do you say? Is this a good concept / hard to grasp / something that needs working on? If I ever won like the jackpot in some lottery I would definitely pursue the dream of making this a reality, sadly I'm not very skilled at programming and would never be able to do a large-scale project like this myself. So come with all the criticism you got.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n"
5w0k9o,"Advice on Making an Expansive, Rune Factory 4-esque Game","Alright, so I looked at yourgameideaistoobig, and I received an estimate of $51,030 cost or one year's length of development for the game idea I have. I want to know how feasible it is realistically with what I have in mind.\n\nDescription:\nFantasy farming simulator and monster-collector with extensive sub-plots and many plot-changing choices. The game has an emphasis on relationship-building and monster-collecting with themes around humility and man's effect on the environment. Total playtime: 302.4 hours. Anticipated ESBR rating of T.\n\nEdit: Ported to PC, but I'd like to see it on handhelds like DS, Switch, and PSP Vita.\n\nInspiration: Rune Factory 4, Harvest Moon: A Wonderful Life, Stardew Valley, Pokemon\n\nFeatures:\n\n- pixel art game with fluid animation, detailed character portraits, and storybook-style cutscenes. I'm thinking a prettier, more modern version of Harvest Moon: Friends of Mineral Town. Edit: It'll be in anime-style\n\n- slow-paced gameplay but with extensive plot. The first arc spans a total of 1 1/2 in-game years or an average of 75.6 real-life hours of gameplay.\n\n-12 marriageable candidates (each with an average of 350 - 500 lines)\n\n- mini-plot for each major NPC (probably around 15-20)\n\n- Looots of events/festivals\n\n- Character reputation system that affects the friendliness of other NPCs and the willingness they have with in cooperating with your decisions for the town (the less willing they are, the more money you have to raise by yourself)\n\n- Bartering/trading system\n\n- Extensive quest system\n\n- Party system. I'm not sure how complex I want it to be yet, though\n\n- Hands-on parenting for later in the story. You're able to influence your child's personality at a basic level, have them develop what skills you want, and watch them grow. I'm considering a large DLC later for playing as your kid\n\n- Karma system that usually reflects on the environment Coincides with character rep.\n\n- creatures are diverse and vary in behavior (example: rideability, carrying out chores in the farm, produces goods, alters the behavior of other creatures or the environment)\n\n- creature and sentient plant evolution\n\n- advanced hybridizing and leveling system for plants/crops\n\n- influential magic. Can make or break the environment, change the seasons and weather\n\n- archery and magic combat with stealth elements. Advanced taming methods\n\n- Semi-complex town building\n\n- Scheduled and random catastrophes :P\n\nThat's all I can think of from the top of my head. Please reply!\n"
5vz33z,[Idea] A donald duck game,Ok. First i want to say: This is not impossible.\nSo here is the idea at the most simple way: A game that has all donald duck stories in it.\nNo i dont mean 1 book = 1 level! I mean 1 story = 1 level :D And those mini stories could be bonus cutscenes that you can unlock with something :) Yes i know this sounds impossible cuz they are still making more donald duck books n stff but hey. If someone actually does this i think even nintendo would like this game :D
5vy5xv,I need a genre for my rpg webgame.,"Idea in short  This is my idea: A webapplication management/rpg set in ""GENRE"". Players get into a world map and can basically do whatever. They can roam the map and do quests/level up, even raise campsites, ppl can attack/trade/scheme. Recruit ppl (real or npc) to do tasks for them. \n\nBut i don't know what genre to make it in. What would you guys like?"
5vwsyd,A Waterworld game.," [Here is a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fv9_YOL38MM&amp;ab_channel=Movieclips) of Waterworld, if you have never seen the movie.\n\nMovie plot:\nBasically, the icecaps melt and the world floods to where there is no land, and civilization crumbles into a Mad Max-esque situation, but instead of water being an important commodity, its fuel and soil. main character has mutated to have gills that allow him to breathe underwater. (yes, the plot is ridiculously unscientific, but still a epic movie)\n\n---\nGame:\n\nSo basically I really would love to see a video game set in the Waterworld universe.  You have a boat, and have to do different missions. There are a variety of types of mutants, probably more than shown in the movie, to make game play interesting.  There are floating villages as shown in the movie, as well as things like the ship where the bad guys are in the movie.\n\nI imagine it playing somewhat like Skyrim, where there are different factions, and cities and a open world to explore.  But there are also guns and jetskis and other modern technology to some extent. So it would have some similarities to the [Mad Max](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d64bL-DJG-s&amp;list=PLTcoRMwrX2DhJ6dIEHHWsAKgxuDndmMnZ&amp;ab_channel=TetraNinja) game as well.  Instead of building vehicles and driving them, it would be boats etc. \n\n\nSo thats the idea.  I dont have a lot of specifics to say about it, I just think that Waterworld would make a very unique and cool setting for a game.  Even if it wasnt attached to the Waterworld movie, just similar.  Like[ this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12NOFryQxKQ&amp;ab_channel=deluxe345) game ""Oil Rush"" is a RTS set in a Post-Apoclyptic world and is about controlling oil rigs on the ocean.\n\n.\n\n.\n\nJust some art that I found that fits well with Waterworld:\n\nhttp://michalkus.deviantart.com/art/Warlord-Seal-rider-413362321\n\nhttp://5ofnovember.deviantart.com/art/Boat-on-the-river-631022208\n\nhttp://meckanicalmind.deviantart.com/art/Junker-Boats-394250407\n\nhttp://wetcorps.deviantart.com/art/Post-apoc-steamboat-200351064\n\nhttp://imskeptical.deviantart.com/art/Das-Boot-322425368"
5vwcx4,Need Boss Ideas Please :D,"Herro, I'm designing a game called uhhh... TBA well its a shoot em up, side scrolling ink blot art style(inspired by the 1930s cartoons) game. The game has 30 bosses i have to design all of them, they all have to be unique from each other and have to have their very own attack patterns etc Any ideas?  "
5vw7vi,A solar strategy,"You decide the difficulty, I'll flag later.\n\nYou start with one or more dots. The dots gain energy from light. There is a day/night cycle. If a dot has energy, the player can order it to move, which uses energy. At specific intervals, when at max energy, dots overload and shoot out a dot in each direction N/S/E/W. If a dot lands on another dot, it contributes 20% of the max energy as they combine. If a dot gets 4 dots shot at it at once, it becomes a tower capable of holding a lot more energy, and acts as an elevating block if it is not stacked, but can no longer move. If a dot overloads next to a tower, the dot is immediately bounced back, counting toward the 4 dots requirement for tower creation.\n\n...\n\nThe player can order dots to work out, which causes them to use energy and prevents reproduction. Dots have strength levels, which can be increased by one level by working out for an amount of time based on strength level, then by consuming a number of 0 strength dots equal to its new strength level, repeated each time you want them to gain another level. In combat, a dot will strike an enemy next to it, consuming its strength level in energy, while doing damage between 1*str to str*str. Its strength level also serves as armor starting at level 2. When its energy level goes to 0, it splits into level 0 dots, which can then attempt to flee, or serve as leveling food for enemy dots.\n\n...\n\nTowers can store a lot of energy, but they don't generate it. They can be pushed around by dots of a strength level higher than the stack size. Dots can climb stacks of  up to 1 or their strength level times 2. A tower will freely share energy with dots or towers touching it, averaging a friendly dot's energy to 50%, and 0% for enemies, with the speed increased by the height of the stack (for all) and decreased by the strength level of the enemy dot.\n\n...\n\nEach level has shadows and bright spots which affect the strategy of the game. Traps can be strewn throughout the shadow lands, so it is a good idea to bring a tower with you. While powered, a tower will light up a circular radius up to 5 spaces wide at 1/2 per tower height.\n\n...\n\nVarious advanced structures can be made simply by organizing a bunch of towers and dots into a pattern. The simplest of which is a crude slingshot, made by placing a tower, an L0 dot, an L2 dot, an L0 dot, and a tower in a row and selecting the combine option. It can be used to roll (the operator) L0 dots at the enemy in one of two directions simply by moving the dot toward the center from the opposite direction, and can't be rotated. The L0 shot must approach from the same elevation. Using a higher powered dot as center during construction, or building the device higher up, increases range and damage. However, there is always a margin of error for where the shot will go...\n\nA slight upgrade to the slingshot is the aimed slingshot, which adds another L0 and tower out from the center. An L1 or higher stands on the third tower and acts as an operator. A dot of 1 level below the operator/center can be fired, but it must still be loaded from the same elevation. Also, higher level ammo dots may survive impact, depending on how far they were shot and whether they hit anything.\n\nI'll leave it up to someone who would want to make this to think of other such weapons, but I'd like to request that you don't add unit-equipped weapons (guns/swords). Free ideas, please add me in the credits of the game if used. Thanks!"
5vtfcx,The Ideal Pokémon Reboot - 1,[deleted]
5vscod,ASSASSINS ONLINE (based on John wick 2),"Assassins Online\n\nIf any of you have seen the movie John Wick 2 then you have an idea what I'm talking about (if you haven't, then it's worth it)\n\nGAMEPLAY\n\nThe game would be an open world game set in a modern city like New York or London. It would be set in the 21st century and it would be in third person. Other players would roam around like civilians. All of them would have a cellphone to get messages.\n\nIn this game you would be an assassin. It's your choice…. You could be a driver for some one and be an assassin whenever you want. Some people could be stock brokers. The game would have contracts/bounties and the people to fulfill them would be us, the real players roaming around like civilians so let's imagine this scenario:\n\nEverybody's doing thier thing whatever it is be it a shop keeper a violinist or maybe even a beggar and all of you suddenly get a message on you phone “KEVIN SPILNER | OPEN CONTRACT | 50K $ “ and the man is marked on the minimap and who ever gets the killing shot gets the bounty and you could visualise the excitement when 3 assassins reach there together and start comepeting for getting that killing shot. This game will also have a coop campaign where a squad of 4 people can take on an assassination mission. And the most beautiful part of this game ? You can put contracts on other players too and set a bounty and the only way to neutralise the bounty is either the other player is killed by someone or you are killed by him.\n\nLet's say you're tired of running around and want to just relax. The game has specific hotels and places where you can't kill any other player. And these places could be the places with shops for guns, suits, cars etc. And this could also give way to mini games or interactions with other players without killing them. Wanna gather a squad and go hunting together this place could be that place let them come from all corners of the map and gather here.\n\nSCALING SYSTEM\n\nThis is rather interesting I think. The scaling would be based on how you kill your targets, your success rate ( if you accept a contract and wether or not you're able to kill as the contract could be an other player),and your reputation.\n\nYou would gain points for going stealthily have some kind of a ranking system to get experience points and as you rank you gain access to other things\n\nlike you could hire body guards part time so for example suppose someone put a contract on you your body guards have to come to your location and protect you from other players.\nYou can get access to more gear and weapons\nGet better jobs and better income\nSo basically higher your rank the harder it is to kill you.\n\nThe game would always require an internet connection as you will always be in the open world with other players hiding like civilians in plan sight. So the cab you take could be an assassin driving.\n\nSKILLSET TREES\n\nAt the start of the game you would choose one of the three trees in the game. PHANTOM, ASSAULT, and GHOST. Each having unique abilities, play styles and approach types.\n\nTo add in an extra kick, maybe get some unique clothing or accessories as part of the skill tree.\n\nWHEN YOURE A CIVILIAN\n\nYou start at a blue collar job and as you rank increases you can choose better jobs. So this would be an alternate play style. Make money by doing these jobs and put bounties on other players. And you could work for other players too so suppose you're a driver and you get enough money so you can put a bounty on your boss and take his place. In time you could have a drug cartel on your own. And if you're a big man owning a business or something you could hire another player to be your bodyguard/driver.\n\nContracts would be timed and if the player is hidden from players for long enough, he's free again but now he would know who put the contract on him. The players who get the message would only get his last known position, and would get a blimp every time someone identifies the player who has a bounty on his head, which makes it easier for the player to hide but the other player would always have an area to search for him to keep the game balanced.\n\nCAMPAIGN\n\nThe game would have a dedicated campaign that can be played with a 4 player squad. With a choice to play alone if you prefer a challenge. With an interesting storyline this could be a great campaign. With maps on different server and a player limit on each server and you being bound to one server until you die or decide to start anew on another server while losing all your money but keeping your skill tree skills and rank.\n\nCONCLUSION\n\nThis would be a difficult game to make but it could be really famous and a best seller, and as it's a third person games Ubisoft is the only one who could do justice to it. But they would definitely have to watch John Wick 2 if they wanna capture the theme well.\n\nIf this kind of game is released, TAKE MY MONEY."
5vrr1v,Survival Shooter plus Tower Defense,"Protagonist alone on a space ship must defend it against aliens or whatever in order to survive. But you'll have multiple systems to defend/repair. \n\nYou let the offenders destroy your automated asteroid defense system you'll now have to man the exterior turrets yourself as well as mind the still growing interior threat. \n\nMotion detector destroyed, your radar is now useless.\n\nOxygen system down, you'll now have to collect oxygen from waypoints and fire based weaponry no longer works. \n\nArtificial Gravity system down, now you're a floater, as well as the offenders.\n\nSo on and so forth."
5vrl85,An idea: Co-op spacestation survival (haevn't thought of a name yet),"My idea: The game is set in a top-down perspective, with simple graphics, perhaps in a similar syle to Guards and Thieves, or Hotline Miami.\n\nYou are a repairman (as are your friends) in a space station. Occasionally, it is hit by a meteorite, and it starts falling apart, and you and your friends will have to reel the 2 parts back together, then weld it, and repair the compontents, or a pirate or alien attack will happen, and you need to mow them down. The attacks would ideally come in waves, with short amounts of time to prepare inbetween. \n\nIt would be somewhat physics-based, as well as possible space station creation, provided that designing one is simple enough. In order to lose, the entire space station would have to be irrepariable, or for all of the party members to die, so you can still afford to make mistakes, or have other solutions to problems.(example: alien spider attack. They tear up the inside of a cargo hold. Players lock cargo hold, then detach it from space station. problem solved.)\n\nThis game in total would be difficult to make by a single developer, but I feel like it would be successful.\n\nEDIT: Further mechanics? \n\n1. Pressure. As an engineer, you alse need to keep the atmospheric pressure above 0.6 atmospheres, otherwise you will pass out if you go in there without a spacesuit. Your teammates would perhaps be able to extract and revive you.\n\n2. Heat. If the heat goes under a certain point, let's say -20 degrees celcius, your engineer will start to take damage without a space suit. You can bring the temperature back up by repairing the radiators.\n\n3. Gravity. If this gets disabled, people will move faster, but they will take damage if they move too fast and slam into a wall, and it is harder to change direction. In order to negate this, you need to fix the gravity generators."
5vosw8,How do you choose what game to make? (Indie projects mostly) (X-POST from /gamedev),
5vmu88,Zombie game like GTA big map survival,"Ok I love GTA open world games I also like survivalist games like fallout. \n\nWhat I want is a map of all the United States , this was inspired by a racing game Crew. \n\n\nSo across the map is all of these raiders, groups and zombies. You can build forts and earn the trust of non playable characters. \n\nI want the story to be about a man trying to make a map of the new world creating trade routes etc "
5vmj4y,The Secretary Problem,"##Idea\nYour goal is to hire the best secretary from a group of ten.  \n\n\n##Implementation\n\nEach one is outside the door waiting to be interviewed.  Immediately after interviewing one, you must decide to pick or reject the secretary.  Once you reject a secretary they will not be seen again.\n\nObviously if you could interview them all and make your decision at the end, you'd have the best one.  But the point of the game is randomness and seeing how close you can get to picking the best one.\n\n##Going further\n\nTo make the choice harder you could have multiple stats which need to be compared, based on random grading scales.  Or vary the number of people interviewed.  You can also limit the ""interview"" to a short span, 5 to 10 seconds.\n\n\n##Sources\n \nThis is based upon the problem of the same name and the optimal stopping theorem.\n\n* [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secretary_problem)\n* [Video explanation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWib5olGbQ0)\n"
5vki96,An Team-based FPS where each player controls one sense,"Similar to [Artemis: Bridge Simulator](http://store.steampowered.com/app/247350/), players play in teams, with each player controlling a different sense. Teams must work together to find and kill all other players. For the basic RTS i'm imagining something similar to quake or the original unreal tournament\n\nPotential ideas for positions:\n\nSight - Can see\n\nTouch - Can move, aim. Has health readout, can tell when you get shot\n\nHearing - Has game sound, monitor shows direction of sound. Is the only person that can hear the commander\n\nCommander (Optional) - Has radar, can see location and health of all players. Can see location of pickups. Has ammo readout for player. Can only be heard by Hearing."
5vhx8i,"real RTS game, decision-based","Hello, I would like to show my idea.\n\nFirstly, some thoughts about the actual RTS games.\n\nI have played a lot of some RTS games, like ""Age of Empires"" saga, ""Command &amp; Conquer"" saga, ""Settlers"" saga, ""Total War"" saga, and some others.\n\nAnd I have also tryed some others like World of Warcraft.\n\nI have played likely the first of each one, that for me, are the best ones...\n\nI have just have a look to this web to be sure about what I will talk to you:\n\nhttp://www.pcgamer.com/best-strategy-games-on-pc/\n\nSo, that we can see in all that games, is that, basically, they all do the same... You have to build your base, build units, collects resources, and defend/attack.\n\nAnd we are calling it RTS games. Well, have you ever thought that in the real live there's one person saying build it here and do one unit, another one, and take this resouce here? I think no...\n\nIn the real live is more like giving general orders, like attack this zone, or just build a base, not your team of 5 units go to this point, then to this one, and then attack just that unit/building.\n\nIn general terms all the actual RTS are based on it.\n\nSo, in my opinion we can call it individual orders games, because you are who have to do everything, and in my opinion, this is more like action, than strategy.\n\nAnd now, why we don´t thing about how a real RTS would like to be?\n\nLet´s just thing in strategy, just that word. Strategy it´s make a plan, it´s a procces, it´s directing all of that.\n\nThink about, we start our game, we can take like example one of the firsts C&amp;C games.\nWe have our base, and we start with some units, and it´s all about clicking places to build on or to move/attack to...\n\nWell, and if we make some strategy with it?\n\nI don´t want any more clicking on where to build buildings, or selecting specific units to go/do something like defend/attack.\n\nWhat I want is to explain to the game how I want to have my base built, what buildings have to be more out/in the base, how I want to protect them, or the importance they have for me.\n\nThis way, perhaps I will just have to select the zone where I want my base to be in, or the direction where I want to expand it, then, the game will go on building and making an strategy to defend it.\n\nBefore of creating our base we can gave orders like:\n1 &gt; where would have it to be done. 2 &gt; how to create it. 3 &gt; collecting resources. 4 &gt; where to expand to.\n\n1 &gt; here we can choose between building instanly or look for a better place, by sending explorers, we can love more to have an economy strategy by placing the base where we can collect a lot, or a corner where wait our attackers. Perhaps we will love more to build the base near of mountains to have a different way to attack/defend or collecting minerals, or perhaps we will love better to build near the sea to build sea army, or collect goods from the sea.\nPerhaps we can be able to choose if we want to hide our base into the mountains, or create a forest around to difficult the acces, or walls to defend.\n\n2 &gt; I want to tell the game how the base will be build, I´m tired about clicking to start building and placing the buildings, and looking where to place them. I would like to choose the importance of the buildings, like energy buildings and exploration/radars ones to be near of the main central, and then the buildings to build units more in the external zone of the base. Here we can tell too to the game if we want to make just a wall to round the base, or different rings to protect it, also if we want to add defense towers or buildings with it.\nIf we start in a corner map, we can choose if we start building just in the corner to after expanding to the outside, or the way we will like our base to be build, like a L or U or T or D or I form. This way we will have our operations center more protected, or if we choose to build our main base leaving a place from the corner to the main construction we will be able to have a place in the back of the base to some special buildings or to stock our army/goods.\n\n3 &gt; collecting resources is allways important. Here we will choose what resources are more important for us, if we would like to collect them by stablishing collect bases near the resource or if we will love more to do the way from the base to collect them. We would be able to choose if we defend the resources we have collected, the resources we are collecting, or the resources we will collect, how we want them to be collected, and how we want to defend them, or just defend the harvester.\n\n4 &gt; where to expand to. I would like to choose how I want to explore/expand the map. I would like to do it with special exploration units, to explore the map around the base, in rings ways, or if I want to do it in a concrete direction, like if I have started in the southwest corner, to explore to just to the north, to the east, doing rings, or doing lines straigth the map. Perhaps I would like to send an explorer in the direction where I have received an attack, or to explore a zone where there are resources.\n\n\nSame for the units. I don´t want to click to create each unit, or click ten times to create 10 units. I want to stablish the type of army I want to have, like more based on ground soldiers or air attack. This way, if we tell the game: I want a ground army with one hand to defend attacks by air. So, with this order the game will make just gunners, rocket soldiers, tanks and tanks with rockets. And I will also tell him the way and how many I want to do of them. And we can think about many kinds of orders to create armys like:\n1&gt; Create army to defend the base. 2 &gt; create army to defend the resources collectors. 3 &gt; create an army to attack/explore\n\n1 &gt; create army to defend the base:\nhere we will tell the game how and how many units we want to do to protects our base, or if we want to use the in company of defense buildings like turrets or not. We can tell the game that to defend our base we want to have 10 units mixed about grenadiers and tanks. So if the 10 units have just been done, don't do more if no casualties, or to avoid an unforeseen have some units more like 5 reserved to be able to strengthen if cassualities. Now we can choice if we want the units just defending the perimeter, or some side of the base. If we want that the units defending will defend just his place, or they will have all the units with them. Here we can also choose if we want them to defend just the perimeter or more agresively if they see a unit around. Here we can also choose if we want to have engineers to repair defense buildings and/or the tanks, or doctors for the soldiers. Also if we like more to have a repair base or a hospital, and when we want to send them to be repaired or cured.\nThis way we will be able to choose how we can defend our base, more with buildings, with army, or mixing them.\n\n2 &gt; we all know that in a lot of games, almost all, we have to collect resources, and the important they are.\nIf we have a harvester and we send him to harvest, we have to be allways looking for him.\nI want to tell the game that the harvester will be autonomous, he search the resources, if he don't find, he will explore, and I can tell him the resource to collect firstly.\nI will tell him that if he could be under attack, just to stay working or to go to the base to be defended.\nI want to tell the game to create special units to defend the harvester, and the way they have to protect them, or in the place of the harvester, have any other unit to send to look for resources, and/or defend them until the harvester arrives.\nThis way we will be giving orders, but we will remain quiet because we will know that our harvester will be safe, and will do a better work.\n\n3 &gt; I want to tell the game what kind of army I want to have, and what to do, or how to behave in different situations.\nI want to have an army based on tanks and airplanes/helicopters. So the game will just build that kind of units. I would like to have exploration units to expand the map and show me the way, they can be also spyes or special killers.\nWhen my built tanks are in the way, I want them to go alone, and, depending of what they find, by example if they are beeing highly attacked the planes will make fire cover, if it´s just a casual attack and the tanks can solve it, planes will still at the base. I can prefer having some helicopters staying always near the tanks.\nI want to create battle strategies, to tell my army how they would do it. This way I will be able to have a 20 units army going the way, and tell them that if they find opposition from the north, I want a little team of 5 units to surround the zone and attack by the back.\n\n\nAll you have read, it´s not to be done by clicks in the maps, it´s done to take decisions of how we want it to be done, it´s not for all the same.\n\nAll decissions we are making are decissions that we take before starting the game, like if we where making our profile, based on lovings, number of units and percentages. And that we can modify after, during the game, and due to how the game advances.\n\nWant to play an example? Go on.\n\nGo on by choosing our way to play, economy, war, more or less agressive, love more ground, air or sea units, heavier army or bigger light army.\n\nImagine what we can find in a map:\nMountains, valley, sea, rivers.\nResources: food (fish, meat), minerals (gold, silver, stone), other (trees, agriculture)\n\nLike first strategy options I will choose:\n\n70% of resources for war and 30% for economy. I will start with a 80/20% defend/attack strategy. I choose to attack enemy units according to the number found. When the enemy base will be found, I would attack the sourroundings by waves to know better the enemy base, and when enough explored, siege mode and wave attacks. I will choose to play near the sea 30% and valley 70%. I will start with a defense strategy in the beggining to build my army. If exploring I find the map limit I will build my base with a D form, if not, I will choose a O. My explorer will explore in ring mode, going out just for 2/5 of the size of the base, and 4/5 in the way of any incoming attack. As I have choosed a 70% of war, collecting resources will be more oriented to war units build, so my harvesters will like more to look for minerals like 60% and 20/20 for food and others. I would like my base to be built in two rings, the internal with all functional buildings defensed with a wall, and the other one for the war side with defense buildings and units. I will choose to to collect resources from my base. As army I choose heavier army based in tanks 60% and air attack 40% with ""in"" units to repair 5%. A 20% of that army to defend harvesters and resources, 10% to defend the outside ring of the base and a 5% stored for the unforseen attacks.\n\nWe start a map with 1 IA opponent.\n\nWe have choosed to do a fast sightseeing of the zone by our exploring unit/s, if it find a valley it will explore a little to open the map, it it find sea, he will explore a little more the area near the sea who finds the valley. If there's just mountais he will look for an opened area like a valley.\nMy explorer have done the work, and there´s an area whit mountains, and near a valley. So the base will expand in O form leaving a place from the mountain.\n\nThe game starts building, energy builds near the main building, communications near, and collect buildings in the main ring closed by a wall. All that while our explorer looks for goods and expands the map.\nThe sooner the explorer finds minerals in the mountains the harvesters go on, beeing defended with the firsts units created.\nWhile the first resources arrives, the outside ring it´s being built with defense towers and turning units. When all base units have been done the next production is to be stocked.\n\nMeanwhile, before starting to stock units, I have received an attack from the north of the map, they have been neutralized, the lost units have been replaced by the ones in the stock and the rest repaired.\n\nInstantly my explorer have advanced a little more to the north to monitor the area to have the map opened in that way i have been attacked.\n\nLike random attacks arrive to the base, new units are build and/or repaired, and harvester is allways beeing defended. The map goes more and more expanded due to the ring exploration and specially to the way attacks have came.\n\nAs I have chosen a 80/20% defend/attack strategy, my units have just defend the base, and attacked some unit in the sorroundings of the explored map.\n\nNow I think that I have a good army, I change my strategy to a 30/70% to attack, and my units got dispersed by the known map, and a big group is going with the explorer.\n\nThe soon as they find any enemy they fight with, and continues to explore the way they have find, just to arrive to the base and start attacking to explore the surroundings of the base. When they have finished of discovering almost all the base, they will get in siege mode to undermine their defenses, and then it will be arriving attacks in waves just to defeat the enemy.\n\nSo, those are just examples of how the game can be. In my opinion it's a new way of strategy, that can be done by making decissions by %, events, or personal decissions, no more need to click each unit and building yourself every build.\n\nIt can be done by fast menus with different choices, separately by genre, like defending, resources, war, and beeing called according to the trajectory of the game, having more or less priority.\n\nIf it's taken as a big project, it can be better implemented to playstations like PlayStation or Xbox, because there's no pointing to something... We all know that strategy games in playstations are not so good with the gamepad. Allways better in PC, but now it can be good to in a playstation.\n\nIt can be done to for mobile phones and tablets in a lighter way, but also full of choices.\n\nAnd something important to, yes, it's about taking decissions more than the normal action of RTS games where you have to be cliking all the way. Now, that you have taken a lot of decissions, and the game will take care about your decissions, you will be able too to control some of your units, like a full squad, just an assassin/snipper/special unit, or simply the harvester, or the team defending it.\nSo, as te game goes on you will be able to take care about the things that you will love, same if you want to go on with all the war matters, or collecting resources, or just defending your base will your taken decissions defeats the opponent.\n\nI don't have the knowledge to do a game like it, nor the money, ressources, etc, but I have encore a lot of ideas to add to, and imagine while you are reading, if you are just thinking to in things to add.\n\nIf someone wants to go on with it, it's to you, I just wonder that perhaps one day I will be able to play a real RTS game, based on strategies, made by decisions.\n\nI am posting this text in different forums and web related.\n\nThank you for reading, I think at least that you have entertained."
5vhflb,Asylum Vs Police and various pvp horror,"You start up matchmaking. You choose a scenario. You choose ""Scare"" or ""Be Scared.""\n\n\nFor this example, you choose the Asylum Distress Call Scenario, the. You choose ""Be Scared."" You and 3 other players choose from a selection of equipment available to police. You witness the entrance of you and your fellow police officers into the Asylum and the doors lock behind you, controlled from a separate room, cameras abound. The commited are watching you and they are also controlled by players. They know the layout, they have the cameras, the keys, the drugs, the intimidation factor. One slip up could leave you locked in a room, disarmed, dragged into a vent, separated from your partners. Can you outwit the mad? Can you save the innocent nurses and psychiatrists? How do you know which are which?"
5zz5jf,I need game ideas,"Hi there :-) I am an aspiring 15 year old game developer and I have been using GM:S for a few years now despite not yet publishing a game. As much as I love to make games, I am not necessarily a creative person and so coming up with an idea for a fairly simple but original game is difficult for me. This why I need your help. I want to male a mobile game but I have no clue what game to make. If any of you have ideas for games or tips on how to come up with ideas I would really appreciate it if you could leave them in a reply. Thanks in advance ^-^"
5zxcis,A horror game based on Strandbeests,"it's gonna be called ""Strand Beasts"". It's like survival thingy"
5zuxrr,Unfair over power.,A game about a guy seeking power or peace. \nHe goes out for a walk a girl binding over sends x-ray energy his way. \nHe feels powerful and others fear him for no good reason.  \nHe gets in a argument and two guy team up against him to drop him.\nOne has a force and hisses and waves as if scratching the air while  the other launches at him an grabbing his head and hitting it on the ground repeatedly. \nLeaving him incapable of saying his side of the story and couldn't get away reason being he was being held down by the force.  \nHe said I don't recall and was put in jail. \nWhere he tells his live story about not being wanted around anymore and every one turned their back on him.\nBeat up in Mexico by his grand parent on his dads side.. \nThen sent back from Mexico and the USA getting put in jail in both sides.\nHe plans an escape the guards say i get paid by the hour and they all escape. \n
5zuu0x,Unfair over power.,
5ztokv,"Guess who, with your Facebook friends!",[deleted]
5zsvhq,Idea for a Mobile game?,I recently sold my business and was wanting to start developing a mobile gaming app. I would like to make a game with micro transactions as much as i hate that idea it proves to be quite profitable. I have a game studio ready to get to work on something just need a solid idea or some form of starting point. My first thought was making a game similar to clash or mobile strike/ game of war. But the market is fairly saturated with many clones. Maybe a social game similar to 8-ball or words with friends? 
5zsuf7,"Game like Bad Piggies, but war-themed?","I like the game Bad Piggies, where you are given miscelanious parts to put together to make vehicles with things like soda bottles for propulsion, plungers to stick to walls, etc.\nWhat I'm thinking of is one where its the same, but your goal is to seige or attack something. Perhaps pvp mode where your goal is to destroy the other player's character, who is in their vehicle while yours is in your vehicle, and whichever character dies first loses.\nThe main game mode would involve you trying to knock down a fortress or something to destroy the characters inside, similar to angry birds but with the vehicles and makeshift weapons."
5zstwv,Game where the edge of the screen is a physical element in the game?,"I'm thinking a 2D sidescrolling game, but the camera doesn't move with the player. The player's movement is controlled with the left analogue stick or wasd, while the screen is moved with up, down, left, and right or right analogue stick. If you try to go off-screen, the edge acts like a wall/floor/ceiling. You could use this by jumping off of the edge of the screen, or moving the bottom above a hazard to hold you up. However, this would also inhibit your ability to ""look around"" safely, and at times you may have to act fast to get the screen into the right position.\n\nThis could be for PC, console, smartphone, whatever."
5zormx,"Need ideas for slot-machine, turn-based strategy game",[deleted]
5zo8yb,Pokemon Switch [ Pokemon game for Nintendo Switch ],"**Short Summary:**\nCreate a 3D Pokemon world much like the T.V show but online and unique personal content. \n\n[*Good examples that you can link would be Dragon Ball Xenoverse, Naurto fighting system, Destiny Achievement system. They did an amazing job with Breath of the Wind!*]\n            \n\n**Pitch:** \nRecreate the Pokemon game in a world 3D Online World/ Offline World. \n\n[possibly link Pokemon go and Switch online game no idea how just an idea walking unlocks something I don't know]\n\n**Character Progression and long term interest**: Character level up through battles, contests, achievements and others things like traveling through out all regions to Capture Pokemon, Defeat Gym Leaders, complete quests, compete in contests, Compete in Battle Tower, Raids (Legendary Pokemon) (1-8 player raids), Team territory Battles (Valor, Mystic, Instinct)  vs Villainous teams all different per regions.\n\nIndividual Players can have it's own ability/talents ( Agility, Fisher, Berry Farmer, Scavenger, Hunter, Biker, Physic, Fighter, Bird tamer, Etc npc type roles) Leveling up unlocks talents and earn ability points. Talents cannot be changed, abilities can.\n\nBattle Arena:\n\nAs a trainer you're free to an open world environment however when encountering a wild Pokemon they can avoid you and you have to chase them, ignore you and you can run up to them or chase you depending on type, character level and a pause screen comes out to battle ( not allowed to run away, already had the option of not running into Pokemon\n\nBattles take place in all environments and each environment is to its own unique screen in a Battle Arena of the environment such as grassy, water with small islands, lava surrounding the area or run though the arena, sandstorm (it'll create a separate encounter [trying to reduce server lag]).\n\n\n**Goal**: Brings out individuality and progress to players much like the RPG games but the there can be different goals for each player. Defeat the GYM Leaders and have different brackets of Pokemon Master, Pokemon Collector, Contest competitor, Heavens Arena ( I imagine this like Hunter X Hunter heavens arena)  \n\nEliminate Turn by Turn base\n\nImplement Real Time Action battle and emotional journey through the Pokemon World.\n\nRisk Massive server connection can cause lag, implementation\n\nOpportunity: open world Pokemon game  where players can meet others through party invites PVE or PVP world server , (will implement parental locks so children do not communicate with strangers). \n\nEDIT:\nI am a lurker but I want to see what the community has to say on this. I want to learn how to code after I graduate.\n"
5zn332,Non-childish Sonic-esc Platformer,[deleted]
5zkqui,You are a TV remote.,"In the topdown shooter, you have the ability to use the functions of yourself such as record and create clones of yourself and/or pause time, fast forward, rewind, and more, as well as change the enemy ""channel"", or type. Abilities could be unlocked, or not. (Give credit if you use :D ) I will try to respond as soon as I can!\n**Instead of down-voting immediately, please tell me what I can do better! Thanks!"
5zhkd2,Need Enemy ideas for game??,"I need some enemy ideas for a game. I want them to be ridiculous and as epic as possible e.g bacon pirate riding bee that vomits rainbows ,zombie cat pirates etc.This game is insipered by adventure pals(http://www.superadventurepals.com/), the game is a 3D platformer with a bit of action. In the game you play as Prince GluttButt a fatass,video game loving,lazy prince. Then in one sunny day, in your kingdom a dark,mysterious character called Sombrus turns the princess into a taco and sets off to capture the Enchanted Ruby which would give him ultimate power. The king tells him about what happened,soo you (Prince Gluttbutt) decide to order a soul swapper that allows you to possess enemies to get back the Enchanted Ruby, save the princess and defeat the bad guy. That's all for the story, but maybe some of you are asking:\n\nHow can you lose in the game( aka. How the hell do the enemies know your the prince)??\n\nWell what happens is:\n1. All the enemies you possess, their eyes turn yellow\n2. Sombras gives power to all the enemies to know who you are. \nLOOK I DONT KNOW.... \n\nAnyways..., any ridiculous enemy ideas, for the prince to possess ??"
5zgky2,"Domination, with lives.","I wanted to change the way teams play on shooters, as I find them very disorganized and impulsive. The idea is to make the teams plan out their moves and get organized.\n\nLet's say you play a shooter with 8v8 teams on a ""Domination"" gametype made up of 3 rounds. You have points A and B. With each position you capture, you get points but it can get recaptured as well in a back-and-forth dynamic we've seen in many shooters.\n\nA particular flaw that I have seen with this gametype is that when either team is losing badly it is very hard or even impossible to clutch the game, and not only that but the games can be somewhat predictable, so I want to implement an uncommon feature: Lives.\n\nEach team as a WHOLE has 50 lives, and if one teammate dies the whole team loses a ""life"" and if the team's lives reach zero they lose. \n\nOr if the enemy team beats the game by most points or reaching the limit, the enemy team wins. Running down the clock means stalemate. The rounds last for 15 minutes each.\n\nAnother feature to mix up the dynamic is that with each certain number of points reached by capturing positions, you get tiered weapons deployed in a sequence of three phases but only ONCE.  Only thing is that the order of the tier weapons deployed is determined before the game by each team respectively (team voting), allowing your team to plan out what sort of weapons to deploy and when. Note that even in the ENDGAME scenario, it would be entirely possible for both teams to NOT reach phase one due to a lack of points. If you want the good guns, you need to capture positions and keep them. Also, the guns can only be picked up at those points and the weapons cannot be repeated. You only pick weapons from that phase ONCE.\n\nHOWEVER, occasionally the weather (Mist, sandstorm, etc.) intervenes and blinds players in the battlefield, effectively NEUTRALIZING or AUGMENTING the capabilities of the weapons (Blinding snipers or covering people with assault rifles)\n\nIn short, you have two ways to win: By most points (or reaching the score limit) or by eliminating the enemy team's lives down to zero (Each team starts with 50 lives. Don't die too much).\n\nThis will hopefully encourage players to think about positioning, maneuver, weapons and tactics to employ because since they have a limited number of lives, their actions really do matter and they CAN win anytime, no matter how much the odds are stacked against them. \n\nAllow me to write down some scenarios:\n\n1- [ENDGAME] Red Team is almost reaching the score limit and they have explosive weapons from phase 3 but they only have 7 lives, which is a very stressful situation, giving blue team a priority to kill them.\n\n2- [MIDGAME] Blue Team and red team are even in lives and points, but Blue Team chose sniper rifles while Red Team chose assault rifles when they both reached phase two of weapons drop, giving Blue Team a particular advantage in range and catching Read Team off guard in a sort of ""Rock, Paper, Scissors"" scenario, turning the tide of the battle in the ENDGAME section.\n\n3- [BEGINNING GAME] After a few rounds, Red Team somewhat anticipated Blue Team's strategy and decided to deploy support drops in the beginning of the round (Body armor, adrenaline to run faster, etc.), strengthening Red Team's mobility, defenses, etc. and allowing them to counter Blue Team in MIDGAME.\n\n4- Blue Team decided to bum rush Red Team in BEGINNING GAME  in order to waste their lives as much as possible so they capture a point and reach phase 1 with assault rifles and divide/concentrate their forces accordingly, only that their push didn't work out and both of their lives were wasted evenly because Red Team used defensive drops when they reached phase 1. Red Team later proceeded to pin down Blue Team with sniper fire in phase two and then finishing them of with explosives in phase three.\n\n5- [ENDGAME] Both teams are back and forth capturing points, losing lives and barely reached phase one. Blue Team reaches phase one before Red Team and gains the advantage in assault rifles, pushing Red Team back. Red Team has two options: run out the clock in a stalemate by running in circles or reaching phase one and countering.\n\n6- Attempting to Bum Rush to phase one, both teams attempt to capture the points simultaneously and kill each other, reducing their lives from 50 to 12 (approx.) and turning the game from an intense, fast-paced shooter to a tense, slow-paced waiting game where each team plays for picks whenever they can.\n\n7- [MIDGAME] Blue Team chose defensive drops in phase two just in case Red Team gains the advantage in phase one. This turned out to be true and they managed to counter Red Team's advances. \n\n8- [MIDGAME] Red Team prioritized playing for phases, so they lost a lot of lives but they reached phase two, effectively mowing down Blue Team with explosives and chopping their lives down, putting Blue Team on the run. \n\n9- [MIDGAME] Red Team and Blue Team each capture a point and are playing a waiting game for phase one. Then out of nowhere Red Team gets ambushed by Blue Team and Blue Team is attempting to tenaciously dominate point B. Blue Team loses a lot of lives and are now on the defensive, so they play for phase two, putting up a stern defense and getting explosives. They waste Red Team and win a very, VERY close game earlier than expected. \n\n10- [BEGINNING GAME] Red Team plays for Assault rifles in phase one and they play for picks for the rest of the game, ignoring points A and B and just hunting down Blue Team. \n\nThese are several examples of a tense, unpredictable game where planning and risk is still a central part of gameplay dynamics that can be applied in the Esports community. Share your thoughts below."
5zgh2c,Realistic Space Management,"So, I love me some Kerbal Space Program, bit each game I play reaches the same point... I want to take it to a more macro scale place where I'm managing comma arrays, mining bases, refueling platforms and the like, but it gets bogged down in having to do the little stuff over and over.\n\nSo, I propose a game in which you're building up that kind of interplanetary infrastructure, but not manually crafting/flying the ships yourself. Instead you'd have a automation/management gameplay of each surface base, the ability to schedule things like refueling runs, ore delivery, whatever between planets. The time and fuel costs would depend upon actual orbital mechanics.\n\nEventually you'd be building towards a system with extensive infastructure on every world, orbital manufacturing, maybe a space elevator or two, etc. \n\nThere are a lot of blank spaces in this as far as design documents go (whether enemies exist and what they're like, what gameplay is like on each planet, what end game you're striving for, how much control you have over ships/whatever's while they're not at one of your bases), but I think there are a lot of valid directions to take this."
5zgat9,Food delivery game on the night of Halloween,"My friends a mailman and I asked if there's any sketchy areas to deliver.  I was thinking the same for food delivery people. \nI would love to see a food delivery game (by bike) on Halloween.  Weird and supernatural stuff starts happening and your not sure what's real or not.  \n\nInspired by: paperboy, zombies ate my neighbors, Scooby doo, monkey island, Blackwell series, Death Road to Canada and Trick R Treat\n\nArt style is pixel 16bit.\n\nGameplay would most likely be point and click with lots of video game horror tropes and campy comedy horror scenes. There's  a high school love interest.  A rival food delivery service. PROM😨. Old myths about laced Halloween  candy. Cult meetings at arcades. A pizza delivery to a ghost mutant turtle at a graveyard. \n\nI have ZERO art or game dev skills so I hope some takes this idea and runs with it.\n"
5zg9u9,[BEGINNER] Tiles matching game,"Syou're given a board however wide by such long. And its filled with tiles. the goal is to match as many tiles as you can. You can match any adjacent tile, as long as the suit or rank is the same. Just... i tried programming it since sunday, but I had some trouble with the logic. See, everything sort of worked, except the noForward rule was broken anyway... but then i realized i didn't have a way to move up the OTHER tiles after a move was made. E.g. Tile 5 moved to place 4, so tiles 6-16 should move up to places 5 thru 15, while 16 is made empty. But i forgot some of my variables.. or moved things i shouldnt.. etc. i decided to just keep adding to my ridiculously long move() function instead.. And broke it... and broke it again. But hey! \n\nAnyway, based on a card gane i play, you just want to match either adjacent cards or cards that are 3 away from anither. SIMPLE Example of a function that could do this... basically you take an array, and fill it with 52 integer values, it doesn't really matter what number you use, then you use the remainder percent operator thingy and just compare both sides, to see if they are equal. If they are inequal to 1 or 3, then you see if they have the same suit or rank using the % operator (in lua, at leats, not sure what in other languages), then you run a for loop that clears the selected card from i = 1, #selected (# operator gets the length of the table, starting from 1 and not including keys) and inserts those values into the newplace.\n\n    function move(selected, placeToMove)\n        if selected == placeToMove then\n            -- unselect\n        elseif selected[index] - placeToMove[index] == 1\n        or selected[index] - placeToMove[index] == 3 then\n            if selected[index]%13 == placeToMove[index]%13 \n            or selected[index]%4 == placeToMove[index]%4 then\n                -- move selected tile to place, clear selected\n                for i = 1, #selected do\n                    table.insert(placeToMove, selected[i])\n                    selected[i] = nil\n                end\n            end\n        end\n    end\n    \n"
5zerya,Is this a good game idea?,"There are set characters that you can choose. Each character has different stats like speed, Stamina, health, etc. The beginning of the game consists of ""choices"" like a draft. You choose between 2 weapons/abilities, etc. and your opponent(s) will choose the others. \n\nFeedback on the idea and maybe additions to the idea would be appreciated"
5zd63r,Top Down Shooter with limited vision etc,"I've been making this game where the player has a limited view of what's around him, as well as few bullets. And relying on sounds to localize enemies and either avoid them or move on and save ammo. (there are of course other stuff and other mechanics that I haven't implemented yet but that's the basis). Was wondering what other stuff I could add to it\n\n*the game art is all placeholder for now, only using Kenney assets but I will be making my own after the game is almost done*\n\n[Short Clip](https://cdn-e1.streamable.com/video/mp4/hwy12_1.mp4?token=1490718752_f9fda52ffa92cc4eda45040e08802276a56cd040)"
5zbspn,You are the next level door,"This is based on a concept I saw here a little while ago, but could not find the source (so can not credit it).\n\nIn short you play as The Door, a sentient being whose sole purpose is to find the incompetent protagonist and help them advance to the next level. You would still need to battle enemies and collect any keys/gems required to open yourself to let the protagonist through, but can throw enemies forward and deal with them later too (sort of a commentary of life, that you deal with issues now or they pile up later).\n\nWhile a sidescroller/platformer might be fun, I am instead taking inspiration from 2D top down rouge like games.\n\nI've thrown together a [quick little demo](http://aedendalessandro.com.au/games/Door%20Hero/index.html) or what could be achieved, and would like peoples input."
5z9ugt,"[Dear Idea Guy Gone Home: A Parable] a game that starts from nowhere, ends without any achievement, and nobody understands what all that was about",
5z98g0,"A fantasy pet shop game, Darkest Dungeon + Recettear","* send adventurers into the dungeon \n\n* capture monsters, leave wounded adventurers behind \n\n* sell captured monsters to cruel children and sociopathic scientists \n\n* social darwinism, ho! "
5z96zf,8v1 Submarine vs Sea Monster,"The game boils down to team vs monster combat. There are 2 teams, the Submarine Crew and the Sea Monster. (The sea monster could have different versions, like Loch Ness Monster or the Kraken). On the submarine crew team, there are around 8 players, each assigned a part of the submarine to maintain and control so the sub doesn't fail. E.g engines, radar, pilot. Meanwhile, one person controls the sea monster, a vastly more powerful being capable of taking down the sub very quickly if the sub isn't careful. As you can probably tell, The Sub Crew's goal is to kill the Sea Monster, and the Sea Monster's goal is to kill the Sub Crew and stay a legend. The game would probably take place deep in the open ocean, with a large map so the Sea Monster and Sub aren't always close to each other. I think the game would make for some tense moments and bring some laughs with friends."
5z95gq,Need for Speed 80's,[deleted]
5z8nmd,PAPSA: HOW TO FLAIR YOUR POST,
5z8bl2,ROCKING GRAB GRUB,[deleted]
5z60ph,A second-person platforming game,"Platforming across 3D levels. However, instead of the camera angle being the controllable character's point of view (First Person) or slightly detached from it (Third Person), you instead view the level based on the location of all the enemies you need to kill (Second Person). In addition, killing an enemy causes that camera angle to become unusable, with the idea of the level being to kill everything in the level.\n\nAn introductory level would be a flat surface with the edges fenced off (or at least too high to jump over), and enemies in the four corners and the center of the room. A slightly more complicated level would have a slope up to a vantage point with an enemy, and the flat surface below would have multiple missing segments that are hard to see from ground-level perspectives, teaching players to save higher vantage point enemies for later.\n\nEnd-game: enemies that not only sit in one location, but move around and perhaps try to attack you.\n\nPotential theming: mind-jumping, blinded monk powers, robotics?"
5z5jb3,Idea: Avatar (last airbender) survival/open world game,"The idea is that you start as a basic airbender or any of the other benders woth only basic moves in an open world. Then you can survive by helping villages or raiding them. And you can travel across the map to learn other bending moves. Evantually you should learn all the moves of every nation. Maybe even the abbility to learn the move to controll animals like bison and badger moles depending on what element you learned.\n\nEvantually you could fight bosses of every nation and if you win you controll the nation. If you beat them all then you are the avatar.\n\nYou could maybe earn money by helping or raiding and using that to buy clothes, weapons or food.\n\nI k ow that there already are a few avatar games but I dont think they are as good as this could be :p."
5z5df2,Endless Road- The Game,"Endless Road the game is a single player horror car game, the game takes place mainly on highways and roads.\n\nDuring the Day- You can drive safely to the next town/city where you shop, modify your vehicle, and stay for a day.\n\nDuring the Night- You best pray you don't drive during the night, or ""The Wanderers"" will get you, Hide in your car, lock your doors, and NEVER EVER get out of your car at night unless you have a death wish.\n\nThe game will start you a modern day citizen, who has the urge to just drive, anywhere, on your way to new towns and cities you will have to scrounge around for things to sell at the up and coming shops with the money, you may buy new parts for your vehicle and new things for you to have in your adventures. \n\nSometimes on the road at night you will find other cars and possibly people who have came to be victims of The Wanderers, you can take what they have and continue on your journey."
5z4016,Need Unicorn Game ideas??,
5z3v1g,Brainstorming on a web mmorpg,"Hi guys, i like to think about making games a lot and i would like to brainstorm about a browser mmorpg with some ppl through discord. Interested? Add me: Xzyter#5492 or join https://discord.gg/hCy7yBG"
5z3kf3,Open world ninja/samurai game,"As much as I love Assasins Creed, Horizon Zero Dawn and the like, I would love to see a ninja or samurai themed RPG.\n\nImagine exploring ancient japan, through cherry blossom gardens, ponds, mountains, temples. Having to fight other ninjas or an array of mythical creatures scattered around the open world. \n\nHaving the option to collect resources to forge a weapon, or simply take the weapons of a defeated opponent.\n\nCustomisable character, can choose gear and armour based on whether you would like to be highly mobile and specialise in stealth and hit and run tactics or heavy armour and weapons that allow you to take on hordes of enemies at once.\n\nMaster the bow and arrow, or the katana or shurikens.\n\nClimb the shit out of everything.\n\nTake down emperors, save people. \n\nTake on dragons or serpents.\n\nRide a giant wolf or a dope red elk like in Princess Mononoke.\n\nI dunno I'm sure there would be way more ideas to go with it but I really would love to see something like this."
5z3e0z,You are an American flag and birds made out of cakes in the shape of the letter H are flying at you. You use the stars and stripes as ammo and shoot all the birds.,
5z3dr6,"You are a bowling ball, rolling down a mountain in Persia, during the time of Alexandra the Great.","The game is set when Alexandra the Great is taking over Persia. You, being a bowling ball who loves your country, must gain so much momentum and go on a jump and fly to where Alex is and fall on him and split him in half."
5z3dho,I giant cactus lands in an airport. You touch it and learn cactus-karate.,"An evil anti-cactus group, the Omnilartana, pursues you across the globe. You travel from airport to airport, stealing tickets from small dancing fire people who live in the hand dryers in bathrooms. Occasionally the ticket is hidden somewhere around the city your in, like in a high-tech military installation. You can never buy your tickets in the conventional way. Your aim is to stay alive for as many days as you can, each day being a point. In the end the Omnilartana always gets you.\n\nOkay, so the game is split in to 9 levels. It is called ""The Other Bank-Boys"". It is 2D. In every second level you learn a new skill. The game starts with a short cutscene:\n\n You are in Adelaide Airport. You are buying a coffee. All of a sudden, a cactus lands right it front of you. You faint and your head lands on the cactus. Your whole body becomes green and translucent. Then, these black wolves materialise around you.\n\nYou can jump, punch, shoot spines and bite enemies in the neck. Your overall goal is to go to Tahiti airport through a round-a-bout airport-to-airport route. In each level you fight the Omnilartana wolves, improving your skills and training on the way. To complete each level, you have to find the bathroom, go inside the hand-dryer, kill the resident fire-people and steal their aeroplane ticket. \n\nYou go from Adelaide airport, Alice Springs airport, Auckland airport, Toronto airport, Cleveland airport, Hong Kong airport, Cape Town airport and then Tahiti airport where you fight a big wolf that shoots teapots from his nose. \n"
5z2z5r,Need a game idea about a 2D game,"I would like to make a 2D game preferably in a pixel art style, I can be open world or rpg, and I would like to it to be simple but with a catchy idea.\n\nThanks"
5z0brl,AAA Shooter idea,[deleted]
5yz0b7,A shooter based off of 2016 internet culture,"The plot of the game is that after Donald Trump's election, the country separates into two groups, the socialist Collective States, a group with the goal of banning offensive language and idolization of women and nonbinary or homesexual people, and the New Free States, inspired by 4chan's /pol/ with its ideas of free speech and NeoNazi ideals. The game follows their battles in various American locations and is a satirical look on the internet squabbles we see today, but if they were translated into real life. "
5yyyk0,Top down shooter,I was thinking of something kinda like Hotline Miami but with some RPG elements in it like classes and maybe more enemy diversity. 
5yxhzo,Grand Theft Auto Go,"You are given different objectives on your phone such as ""steal that car"" and ""rob that bank""\n\nThe target audience would be anyone that wants to live of gaming because the gameplay would be extraordinarily fast paced and realistic "
5xnfnt,Sorcerer Battlegrounds - 2 Player Cardgame,"Hello!\n\nI wanted to tell you about my new idea I got for a card-/board game. \nI just wrote the basic rules down and will first make a prototype on paper and then code one.\n\nIt's an action based card game which can be compared to a mix of Heartstone (Not a copy, read before quitting already) \nand Atlas Reactor's combat system.\n\n\nBattlefield:\n\n- 3 Move fields on each site (Similar to Monster fields in HS and YGO)\n- 1 Character per Player which is represented as a magic Wand (Harry Potter'ish) and standing on one of the move fields\n- 10-15 Health\n- 5 Arcane Tokens for activating cards\n- 20-30 Cards per deck, maximum 6 hand cards\n\nCard types:\n\n- Classic cards: flip-&gt; movement-&gt; spells. They are placed face down in front of one ENEMY move field, max 1 per field.\n- Preparation cards: Are activated immediately such as drawing cards or disabling the enemy.\n- Trap cards: Are placed face down on one of YOUR move fields.\n\nPhases:\n\n- 1. Player 1 preparation turn\n- 2. Player 2 preparation turn\n- 3. Player 1 can place one last card\n- 4. battle phase. All cards are activated in the order: Flip cards (e.g. barriers) -&gt; Move cards -&gt; Spells\n\nProcedure:\n\n- Both players start with 2 cards and 1 arcane token. The tokens are refreshed in the beginning of a new round and 1 is added, to a max of 5.\n- Placing a Spell card on one of the enemy's move fields will cast the spell on that field in the battle phase.\nif the enemy is standing on that field, the effect will hit him. (Damage, freeze etc.)\n- Move cards are divided into move-right and left. \nIf you are standing for example on the left field already and get a left-move, you will move right instead.\n- Move cards are placed faced down in front of the enemy field just as spell cards so you can trick him to think it is a spell.\n- Trap cards are activated if an enemy spell is placed on the trap's field.\n\nSo what do you think about the idea? Tell me you opinion/suggestion and if I missed something!"
5xn0fa,"[Request] Idea for games or game mechanics utilizing Cellular Automatas (Like ""Game of Life"", etc)","Hi,\n\nI've been **fascinated** by cellular automatas since couple years ago that I got introduced to it kinda *randomly* and since then I wanted to utilize them in my game(s) but could not find how or did not like the ideas.\n\nEvery time I wanted to utilize them in my games, they were not in the core of the game and they were just on the surface level. What I want is to make it as an essential part of the game, not just making some levels and be done with it, like most cases I saw.\n\nSo I've been trying different ideas of my own for past weeks and best prototype I had is a 80x50 cellular automata that is built from a random initial grid and I place player on top middle and fill randomy places with some enemies. It's a 2D platform and each block has a collider and you can walk on them and whatnot. The level changes, by forcing the CA to go to next generation, every t seconds and you see what tiles will appear on next generation and if it hits you, you'll lose, same goes for enemies. Goal is to kill all enemies.\n\n[Implementation gif of this](http://imgur.com/ifFomlb)\n\nSince it was not apparent that a system like CA is at work rather than randomly toggling blocks, I zoomed back so player could see how things work and it was much better but the other problems persists. (I don't have a gif of it ready but I can make one if anyone is interested)\n\nProblem is as the level changes, enemies usually drop down and after a few generations, they all will be on bottom of the level. I always put blocks on borders of the level and if I didn't, they would fall out of the level due to gaps being generated.\n\nThis idea is/was very close to what I had in mind:\n\n1. 2D Platformer\n2. Shooter\n3. Fast paced\n4. CA in core of the game\n\nAnother idea was a 2 player battleship kind of game that each player would try to kill the other player with a CA that they would make on their side. CA systems should be able to move towards the enemy of course. This turned out to be very difficult as no one could figure out what to do, rather than randomly drawing stuff.\n\nMy next idea that I'm in middle of prototyping is a 2D top down shooter where there is a [big] CA system in front of you and you try to destroy it and you can go to different parts of it and shoot. Not sure if shooting will destroy blocks of the CA or will attach new blocks to them and cause it to destroy itself. Something like Geometry Wars 3.\n\nI'm not very optimistic of this idea as well, that's why I wanted to post this while I was coding to see how you guys might think of.\n\nThanks."
5xluab,Another Space Game,"I am basically proposing a hybrid between Endless Sky (if you don't know about Endless Sky, play it! It's an open source game and it's great!) and Rebel Galaxy (just youtube its gameplay). Basically Endless Sky ship management with Rebel Galaxy 3D perspective.\n\nIt's a Freelancer-esque game, with freedom to pick your sides and do whatever you want in the galaxy. There will be no planet landing or planet exploration like NMS, you can only explore the space. \n\nYou can land on planets with settlements or space stations to get jobs, trade commodities, hear news, or meet with some interesting people that will offer you interesting jobs. Exploring these stations and settlements simply done by clicking icons. All dialogues will just be texts, no voice acting needed. There just be different backgrounds for different locations like the docks, the job board, the bar, the space port, etc.\n\nI was thinking of faction system with civil war. There will be 2 opposing factions: just your typical rebel vs government (I'm not a good writer). There are neutral factions that you can join that will give you certain benefits, like the Merchants faction that will give you information about commodities price (where to buy and sell to gain big profits) or the Smuggler faction that will net you alot of wealth and access to underground equipments, you will also able to join the pirates though...\n\nOR are you thinking all factions are lame? just make your own faction. Recruit people when you get enough money or let them come to you when your reputation or notoriety is high enough (simple rep system: helping neutral / civilian from bad guys will net you good rep, attacking &amp; plundering them will net you bad rep or notoriety). Make a fleet, station them in star systems, or bring some of them with you, and call for aid when you're in a pinch (a-la AC:Brotherhood, where your fellow assassins can assist you in battles), the closer your allies are stationed, the faster they come. When your fleet is big enough, you can buy or take by force a colony or a space station as your operational base. Manage your fleet, and get money just by sitting back and relax.\n\nI am also thinking of a top-down shooting minigame like Diablo-esque but with guns when you board enemy ship (basically when you ""paralyze"" an enemy ship after dealing 50% of hull damage, you got 2 options: plunder and get 50% of cargo or board and get 100% of cargo). The ships layout won't be too varied, I just suggesting that each ship class at least have 2-3 map layouts just for boarding and defending (when enemy board yours).\n\nThe game can be community driven, like people may add designs for characters, aliens, ships, etc. Others can make mods for it, and everyone can contribute. &lt;---Just a minor idea.\n\nOne more thing: this game will be single player. Online multiplayer will just be a sub-feature.\n\nI can't think of anything else for now, any suggestions and criticism are welcome! Also let me know if game like this is already exists.\n\nPS: would be nice if we can get Endless Sky and Rebel Galaxy developers working together.\n\n"
5xl85x,[Request] A 2D Mobile Game,I need an idea for a beginner/intermediate 2D mobile game. Something that is a simple idea that can be expanded upon (similar to ketchapp games or colorswitch).
5xkyn5,Medieval Browser-Based Strategy Ideas,"**Medieval Browser-Based Strategy Ideas**\n\nGreetings, I came across this forum in my attempt to find a website that allowed me to give my ideas to professional game designers who could turn it into something great.  My ideas are unformed and mostly scattered.  However, the ideas are still good and I seek to share these ideas with others.  I, specifically, wish to share my ideas with those who are big fans of Medieval games with a similar design and setup to Tribal Wars, King &amp; Country, and The Last Knights.  \n\n\nI believe games like these are a fairly simple project and I would like to hear from others of any ideas they may have had for games similar to these.  I would like to collaborate with others and form a solid idea for a browser game, if possible.  Here is one of my ideas.\n_____________________________________________________\n\n**Age of Imperialism**\n*Medieval Browser-Based Strategy Game*\n\n**Description:**\n*Age of Imperialism is a Medieval Browser-Based Strategy Game where numerous countries battle for control of 2 continents.  The final 2 countries controlling both continents are then forced to battle to the death where a victor will be proclaimed in the end.*\n\n\n**In what period of time does this game take place?**\n*Age of Imperialism takes place in the Imperial Age.*\n\n\n**Is this game based around Fictional or Nonfictional units and landmarks?**\n*Fictional.  All units, landmarks, cities, countries, continents, etc will be made up.  Exception to certain unchangeable aspects of reality.*\n\n\n**Will this browser-based game be turn-based?**\n*No.  The game will be played in a way that gives every player freedom to build up at their own speed and attack at will, once able.*\n\n\n**How will armies work?**\n*At the start of the game each player will be provided with enough gold to purchase a small number of units to form their army.  Each unit will have its own personal and land stats.  From there, the army can be used to train against enemies (PvC or PvP) and gain the option of being promoted.  The same goes for the player.  The player will be offered a choice between different beneficial skills at every promotional advancement. These chosen skills will alter the players armies chances in a battle as well as their own strengths in PvP.\n\n\nPlayers will be able to use their armies to attack cities and capture them increasing their own strength and reducing the strength of their enemies.  The strength of the armies as a whole will be determined by the amount of injuries at said time.  For example, if a brigade that consists of 25 players lists an army size of 2000 but only shows 1000 as uninjured their army will be less effective than a smaller brigade of 10 players with a total of 500 units, all fully healed.  (Exception to types of units and terrain)*\n\n\n**Will every player gain strength through fortification and upgrades or by ranking up?**\n*In this game there will be a little bit of both involved.  A player’s first priority will be to reach the promoted rank of Commander where they can move the armies of other players.  From there, their rank can be increased adding an additional name to their title (ie. Jr. Commander, Sr. Commander, General Commander,  High Commander, Commander of the Army, etc etc).  All ranks before that will not offer the ability to create a Brigade holding all player armies.\n\n\nOnce there are enough commanders in one country a Noble can be chosen who will be the sole caretaker of moving all armies if and when needed.  Rank after commander will not matter for this player since he is the leader of the country but they can still rank in the same manner as all of the others.\n\n\nAs cities are captured, and the Nobleman moves, each city will offer personal or army based benefits that can be purchased and upgraded such as adding fortifications to a city increasing the cities overall defending populace and strength.  Other benefits would include things such as special units that can be utilized in a single PvP battle versus a bordering enemy country’s players especially if the attacking player has units that have a low success rate in PvP attacks.*\n\n\n**What game does this idea closely resemble?**\n*This idea is mostly similar to The Last Knights (lastknights.com) but I would like to try and fit some visual enhancements into the game that would appear similar to Tribal Wars (tribalwars.net).*\n\n\nWell, there you have it.  That is my idea.  I am probably forgetting some other questions that people would ask so feel free to ask or pitch in on throwing ideas out there.  Again, this idea is simply an idea and I am only hoping that someone finds it interesting enough to create so that I may play it myself.\n\n\nLet me know what you think."
5xjq2h,Name Contest- Yokai Watch OC,
5xjhqi,WW2 Logistics Game - Quarter Master Bros,[deleted]
5xijh0,Looking for ideas for a replica-like game.,"Hey, guys!\n\nI'm thinking about make a replica-like game(which the game interface is a smartphone). And it runs on mobile device.\n\nFor example, you wake up in 2100 for some reason and you are stuck in a tiny box. All you have is a phone. You have to find the reason……\n\nSorry for my poor English. Any ideas welcome!\n\n"
5xhmb1,Cops and Robbers,"Playing GTA IV me and my friend loved to play the 'Cops and Robbers' gamemode.\n\n\n**Please tell me if theres a game like this. I want to play**\n\n\n\n\n---\n\n\n**This is a game idea i have came up with. Please leave feedback**\n\n\nGame: Open World multiplayer game. Big sized map. Filled with NPC's and vehicles.\n\nGamemode Idea (lets say its a 1v1): One player is a Cop and one is a Robber. The robber has to get across the map to the target zone without being killed. They can travel on foot or vehicles.\n\n\n- Cop and robber spawn in same place.\n\n\n- The Robber starts 40seconds before Cop.\n\n\n- When the Robber does something illegal (steal a car or start fights etc) the Cop could get a phone call or notification saying the area where the robber was. \n\n\n\n- There could be NPC Cops all around the map. They can spot the robber and report it to the PLAYER Cop.\n\n\n\n- If the Robber has a weapon, NPC Cops will start shooting back\n\n\n- The Robber can find loot(sort of like h1z1KOTK) and fight back against NPC and the other Cop player.\n\n\n\n- The match(or round) ends when the Robber makes it to the target or when the Robber is killed. \n\n\n- If the Cop dies, he will respawn at the nearest Police station with a delay time.\n\n\n\n\n**Hope this makes sense. Please feel free to ask any details**\n\n\n\n\nGamemode 2: Open World multiplayer game. Big sized map. Little NPC and vehicle spawning.\n\n\n2vs2, 5vs5, 12vs12, even maybe 32vs32.\n\n\n- Create classes\n\n\n- Queue with friends and/ or random players.\n\n\n\n- Level rank system\n\n\n\n- If u die, u spectate until next round.\n\n\n\n- Round ends after 8minutes(depending on map size) or when one of the team runs out of players.\n\n\n- If time ends and both teams are still alive, the team with most players wins **(This isnt the best way to choose a winner but its what i can think of right now)**\n\n\n**Hope this makes sense. Please feel free to ask any details**\n\n\n\n---\n\n\nPlease leave ur feedback and thoughts. Would love to hear what people think.\n\n\n---\n\n\nIf anyone is interested in creating a game like this, please get in touch with me."
5xebai,A backgammon that has checkers with super powers.,"Think about that. \n\nYou have the standard backgammon, but one of your checkers has the ability to go backwards. A couple of them are super strong, can't get hit, another that can only move even numbers, or odds, and one that instead of capure,  traps and immobilize....\n\nWell. I though of that 20 years ago. And actually did the app!.\n\nIt' is super fun and works on mobile and desktop browser.\n\nCheck it out:\nwww.abak.me"
5xd9nf,"A team stealth game - objective for each team is to get to the top of a tower, steal the intel, and get out, all whilst fighting against the other team and staying out of sight",
5xd3v4,A Fire Emblem game that's played on hexagons.,
5xcilq,Chess-like with different Hero-Teams,"**Hi there!**\n\nI have had this idea lingering for more than half a year now. Countless shower thoughts have added to it. Now I want to get it out.. somewhere. \n\n**Background:**\n\n-\n\n-\n\nI'm a normal videogame geek. Nothing professional, nothing too casual (I play stuff on a daily basis). Now one thing I have never found anywhere, is a modern version of chess. Thi got me thinking. Naturally inspired by some other titles, my idea grew and I would love to see it happen. In one way or another. \n\nSince I have nowhere near the appropriate knowledge to develop a game (I studied renewable energies^^), I fear that this might never see the light of the day. \n\n**Now here's the idea:**\n\n-\n\n-\n\n* Imagine a 5x5 board. Not just simple tiles black and white. 6 different colors, elements, opposing themselves: nature and arcane, fire and water (the classic, right?) and light and dark (another clichee). Anyways, these tiles are in a random distribution with one neutral one in the center.\n\n* Now there's you, the player. You Have chosen a team of 5 distinct heroes to battle your opponent (see the multiplayer niche here?). Those heroes, unlike in chess, aren't bland figurines, but they differ in elemental attunment, ""roles"" like ranged, melee, magic, tank and movement patterns.  \n\n* What is your goal? Well to annihilate your opponent! There could be several ways to do so: Kill every units, gather some crystals spawning, have the most units around after a specific amunt of turns. Or all of these!\n\n* Speaking of turns, here comes the chess-like element: each round you may move a figure, let it attack and use a special skill of chosen unit. \n\n\n* What? Attack and skills? Yes! Unlike in chess, you don't take the adversary piece by jumping on them, but rather by killing it with the tools your hero has at hand.\n\n* Heroes would have have a passive (to differenciate them from other same-role units), an active and an ""ultimate"", defining their role and their general use. Their skills would recharge by x turns passed.\n\n* Their effectivity would depend on their element and the tile they're standing on, the element of the attacked unit and maybe some more savory mechanics. \n\n\n\n**Let's have an example:**\n\n-\n\n*Turn 1:*\n\n* Tank hero sits on a light tile, being a ""paladin"", he gains a bonus (to offense and defense!). Dark mage sits just a tile across on fire tile. Him being dark and edgy, he does not gain anything on a fire tile. poor him.\n\n* The tank moves one up (onto a water field) close to the mage and hits him with his holy club of the righteous. Since he no longer is on the bright side, his bonuses vanish. Dark mage gets damage. Cool.\n\n* Now you may activate a skill. Paladin hero has a skill that shields him and two diagonal tiles behind him from any attack damage for the next turn. \n\n* And also: paladin's passive activates! This makes any tile he stands on at the end of your round change to anything but dark (since he's afraid of it) with the chance to be light. This does not happen when he stands on alight tile. I call OP!\n\n*Turn 2:* \n\n* Your opponent is not happy that you hit his supermage and retaliates with his nature ranger who as just waiting for you to get in his line of sight. \n\n* He stands on a nature field, since your opponent is not that bad at this game. The ranger can hit you from 2 tiles away, so he can shoot your paladin without having to move. Neat! \n\n* And that's what he does. Arrow to the knee buddy! Since your Paladin stood on a non-light field, he gets no defense bonus, but takes additional bonus because the Hunter stood on an appropriate field. \n\n* If your paladin was an arcane nature, the Hunter would even have done more damage! Nature and arcane aren't the best buddies.\n\n\n\nThat's for the example. I strongly believe that this should be an easy-to-get gameplay.\n\n* Now for the interactions with the element affiliations I have some more in-depht mechanics in my mind.\n\n* Also a few ideas fo several heroes (cliché and non-cliché!). A few ideas to have even more hero individualisation (choice from 2 skills instead of one baseline, choice of passives etc...)\n\n* So there is a lot to balance, but I believe that these mechanics qould not be too overwhelming. Maybe at the start, but they are quite intuitive.\n\n* There is the possibility to give each hero some kind of backstory, there is certainly the possibility to go with themes that scratch steampunk, medieval classes, some exciting new stuff etc.\n\n* Maybe you could add a second skill for every hero in case only one is too bland. \n\n* Also a way to make it economically interesting: Hero skins! \n\n* What I would not want to see: comic or pixel graphics. Pay-to-win situations (or any kind of stamina-like mechanic). \n\n* Heroes should be available to everyone. no exceptions, no bonuses for anyone dropping more money to it as necessary (aside from occasional fan-service if you know what I mean ;) ).\n\n\n\nIf by any chance you, dear reader who had the patience to endure this text, are a somewhat respectable Game-developer, don't fear to hit me up, if you want to see what I can come up witth!\n\nI'm pretty creative in terms of having cool ideas. But I lack the skill and the time to actually act on these ideas. \n\nIf you're not a game developer, I hope you've had a nice read =)\n\nThank you for your patience!\n\n\n*Edit 1: Holy smokes this has to be the biggest wall of text ever. I'll get some spacing into it!*\n\n*Edit 2: Much better!*"
5x9k4f,"RETRO, Quick Action, Anonymous Play, 3D multiplayer RTS","Whenever I mention this idea to people, they say it would suck, but I guess I'm in love with the idea, cuz I just can't keep it to myself! The name sounds complicated, but it's not so hard. I'm thinking it could even be an HTML5 web game like those .io games.\n\n...\n\nOK, think something like Warcraft 1 or 2, or even Starcraft 1, except you can play any unit in the game! The game start screen is balanced to let you pick from a unit type that is currently being controlled by an AI, or you could get lucky and there will be a strategist slot open. I can think of all sorts of cash shop things you could offer, maybe you would have to pay to play a boss type unit, or to be a strategist. Who knows, maybe you could even use the old warcraft/starcraft multiplayer maps.\n\n...\n\nTo keep it balanced, only strategists can know what team they're on. Only a limited emote based chat system for units, and a simple us-vs-them color scheme for units.\n\nI don't think the real players would really be super compared to the AI. I think a lot of players would want to run around and ignore their given objectives, etc, and I think that would lead to totally hilarious situations!\n\n...\n\nSo, the strategists would get the usual strategy game GUI. Players and AI unit command would be the same, except you could possibly trigger the stereotypical feedback animations, like ""hey soldier you're going the wrong way!"" Or ""get a move on!"" Or ""what in Tarnation are you doing?"" Silly stuff like that.\n\nUnits, of course, get first/third person views for their unit type. They get to see generated waypoints showing where an AI player would go, and they would see big red targets over the heads of targeted enemies. If you are, say, a cloaking unit, if your strategist wants you to cloak, the cloak button will just shimmer. You can even play as a resource collecting unit, or a construction unit! The strategist knows who is a player, so they can select an AI unit if a player is being an idiot.\n\n...\n\nOne idea I had for progression would be to start you out as a basic unit type. You gain ranks or exp points as you accomplish designated objectives, e.g., go to resource x, collect resource, go to command center, repeat. Then you could advance to a basic combat unit, and so on, eventually gaining enough to be a strategist.\n\n...\n\nGames could drag on endlessly, or they could be over in minutes, but you never have any wait times for matching because any unit or slot that has no player is controlled by an AI. If a strategist quits, it switches in an AI, and nobody's the wiser. You could theoretically have only one player in the game and it wouldn't make any difference in playability. Of course, if the game becomes a hit, it could have extra game modes for leagues and serious RP'ers.\n\n...\n\nOK question time, what did I forget?"
5x9eaj,Shootout,
5x9632,Bullet Slayer: A Bullet Hell Fighting Game,"I suppose this is less of a 'game idea' and more of a 'half-baked concept' I was hoping for advice on as my first project since I have a couple and no prior skill\n\n*clears throat*\n---\nBullet Slayer is a Bullet Hell Fighting Game.\n\nObvious, I know, but to be specific:  Bullet Slayer is a fighting game that uses bullet hell mechanics as the core for the action.  In essence, imagine a full fighting game based on the projectile warfare of high-level action games like Marvel VS Capcom.\n\nAt it's core each character is built with unique movement and firing options that make-up their play-style and strategy, giving each personalized defense and offense in a way that most fighting games do not have.  Every character has different options for mobility and personalized (unsure on the personalization though) defensive moves, meaning that learning to dodge projectiles or read your opponent to hit them is a unique experience that requires a different mindset.  Instead of using frame-data and combo structure, every character has different firing patterns and bullet types that require mastery in an entirely different way.\n\nThis also offers to simplify the process of picking up the game while not dimishing high-level play.  Heavy duty spatial awareness has never been more necessary, and as characters (in the current design anyhow) are unable to change sides you need to develop new ways of creating pressure and getting your opponent to make mistakes.\n\nBut I'm getting ahead of myself.  Let me talk about the basics.\n---\nFirst, each character can use a basic movement of right, left, jump, and duck.  Characters can also dash, use multi-jumps, quick-fall (a form of downward dash that immediately takes you out of the air), hover, use flight-commands, wall-cling, super-jump (perform a jump that reaches much farther into the air than normally), etc.  However, these options are not all available to all characters.  But I'll get to that in a bit.\n\nEach character has two basic attacks, a block or 'shield', a meter-gaining 'absorb', a special, and a skill.  The two attacks are your primary method of dealing damage and pressure, whereas the skill, special, block, and absorb commands change properties with each character.  Characters use the absorb command and various actions to build the 'Caliber Gauge' which is your super meter able to hold up to 3 stocks, or levels of super, and every character has 3 special moves: A basic 'bullet time' special (by using special by itself), a unique special (by using special and either attack at the same time), and a level 3 'Danmaku' or Bullet Hell Attack (by hitting special and both attacks all at once).\n\nBasic gameplay involves trying to 'checkmate' your opponent by creating firing patterns and movement that forces your opponent to move into your attacks while, at the same time, paying close attention to your surroundings to build meter off of their attacks without taking damage.  Effects like hitstun, blockstun, gainstun (stun from using Absorb on certain attacks) and so on do still matter here, and there are several mid and high level techniques to add to the gameplay, one of these being the concept of cross-firing.\n\nCross-firing, or creating crossfire, is a term referring to a mid-high level technique of making shot patterns cross near or on your opponent to prevent defense.  This is actually harder than it sounds, as you will need to achieve this while you're opponent moves around, trying to do the exact same to you.\n\nNow at this time I have been debating the addition of special moves, additional commands apart from the special 'supers' you can use to build meter and pressure the opponent.  But that's something else.\n\nI would like to also use the two character concepts I've currently devised for this game as a frame of reference, Kit and Inari.\n\nFirst, Kit.\n---\nKit, in his design, is a former military man that joined the police and, during the beginning events of Bullet Slayer, was cursed by the antagonist Djinn turning him into a werewolf.\n\nHis mobility is incredibly poor when going upwards, as he only has a jump and superjump to move upwards.  (At the moment I am debating giving him wall cling and ceiling cling)  However, his downward mobility is incredibly strong, as he can bring his downward momentum to a near perfect halt by hovering as well as dash in five directions (toward, away, toward-down, away-down, and quick-fall).  This allows him for great control and some patient aiming to create crossfire, and makes him versatile, but still means that his options for getting upward again are very limited and mid-air reset is nonexistent.\n\nSpeaking of crossfires, his skill lets him switch between two modes of fire on his gun, which is his first attack.  He has a limited ammo burst fire that uses Wave shot, which penetrates shields, and an unlimited semi-auto homing shot, which moves slowly but homes in and is immune to absorb.  Ammo must be switched to reload his burst fire.\nHis secondary attack is grenades, which are fairly useful.  Grenades are a limited resource round-to-round but come in a few varieties you can pick from by holding the attack button.  The types, in order of charge length, are:\n-Flashbang: instant, but will only inflicts gainstun on hit.\n-Smoke: quick, covers the middle of the screen making shot reading more difficult\n-Frag: kind of quick, creates a small pattern of Shot (most basic bullet type)\n-Incendiary: not very quick, but creates a damage field on the screen that lasts a short while\n\nKit's level 1 special is the rocket shot.  It acts like a grenade, but makes it more like a projectile and gives better control.  It's a very useful move as it gives a free grenade use, is a consistent type, and gains durability to soak certain attacks.\nHis level 3 however is Full Assault.  It opens with a flashbang, but unlike the grenade variant this flashbang triggers on hit, block, or absorb and causes hitstun instead of gainstun.  Once it connects regardless of hit block or absorb, if it does, Kit will pull out a chaingun that starts at the bottom middle of the screen and ends high, so use this on a low opponent in the bottom back corner and then fire a rocket that homes in and explodes if it connects.  It's a very powerful move, but the rest of the animation and projectiles will only trigger if the flashbang connects.  This creates interesting scare tactics by mixing the two grenades as they are the same except for the stun.\n\nPrimarily Kit could be used as a tool-mix character, using a large variety of options to confuse and scare the opponent into taking damage and protect his weaknesses.  His biggest strength is in creating crossfires by switching back and forth between his firing modes and using the faster burst fire after his homing shots.\n--\nInari, on the other hand, is quite literally a different beast.\nShe is a fox maiden, a kitsune, and her design is meant to mix these elements of fox and maiden together into a single appearance (one idea is that she has one fox ear that looks like a flower from a particular angle and one ear that looks human)\n\nHer mobility is interesting as she is the only character in the entire game with fully flight.  She can freely fly without limits, but she isn't very fast and flight is her ONLY move (apart from maybe dashes, not sure on that).  It's not triggered, but it is about the same as walk speed.  She'll rely on her tools and precise movement choices to keep herself safe.\n\nInari has two different sets of attacks, switched by using a move called Hex Trigger, which also places a seal on the screen that allows her to build magic off enemy attacks.  Magic is used to fuel her attacks  Each attack set consists of one defensive and one offensive move, and the offensive moves can be charged with additional magic to be made stronger.\nHer first set is Magic Mirror and Kusanagi.  Magic Mirror is a defensive move that places a small wall on the screen which will reverse any projectiles to hit the other fighter over a short time.  Kusanagi is her offensive in this set and is a Beam, which are moves that can break both shield and absorb, but have some fairly severe limitations.  Kusanagi can be charged to give it slight expansions in size and extended duration\nThe other set is Dispel and Foxfire.  Dispel lets you expend magic to instantly destroy projectiles, helping her to escape crossfires and traps at cost of magic and Dispel doesn't affect every attack.  Foxfire is a chargeable homing shot attack which can get more projectiles the more magic is spent on it.\n\nHer level 1 is Hell Hath No Fury.  It gives her temporary unlimited magic, allowing her to work quickly without relying on Hex Trigger or time to get attacks.  Very, very useful.\nLevel 3 is A Woman Scorned.  This is a powerful move as it creates 8 vertical pillars that chain across the screen, giving you the ability to create powerful crossfire or limit opponent movement to catch your breath.\n\nInari is meant to be a stance charge character.  Her charged attacks can be given up to 4 levels of her 8 units of magic, and can be cancelled to create chains.  But this is difficult, as she also needs her magic to create additional protection and stay alive.  However if she does manage to stay alive, she is terrifying.\n---\n\nI'm still working out some other parts of the game, like whether health should be hits or damage based.  If it is hits based should there be i-frames afterward or not.  I also have to, again, work off of no experience (or skill) with art or programming.\n\nIf anyone would like to contribute advice or the like, please by all means.  It has been aggravating getting anything out of people that I feel I can use.\n\nIf you want to steal this, I'd be happy to help you get it up and going however I can.  This is probably a far too big project for my britches, but I thought it might help me break into game development.  All I ask is you try and do it justice, and perhaps lend me a footnote to build a reputation on.\n\nAnyone curious about my other ideas I've had should also let me know.  This is the first time I've ever used reddit so I'm unsure about it, so I'm unsure about putting them up.\n\nThanks."
5x7ym4,Simple space game idea,[deleted]
5x59ws,"Looking to get into game dev? Look no further, because /r/GameJamMonthly has you covered!","Every month there's a new theme, and it gets you thinking about game ideas.\n\nAll games that fit the theme are accepted, so if it's an amateur's piece of garbage first attempt, you can still post it! In fact, I *encourage* you to post it!"
5x4x22,First person multiplayer urban legend hunting,"Any indie developers or up and coming indie game makers want to msg me I have a really amazing idea that I think you would benefit from. It's a game that really hasn't been seen before. It's a really great chance to put your self out there or if your established become even Bigger!\n\nPlease at least hear me out! I really think this could be something special\n\nI added parts of my idea on here feel free to critique it but I want to share my idea\n\n\nWell my idea is basically, you know how them shows like destination truth, and other shows were big in their prime, everyone wanted to go hunting urban legends! Why not be able to do that in a game, start out in a simple local with no money and just a camera and a few buddy's [multiplayer] or [singleplayer] it has a voice feature where you can start out by sending in a tape to a TV station, your rating depends on how much exploring you do, if you talk to locals for Intel, you get foot prints, evps. Something on thermals etc. I have a lot more ideas just give me some critics so far\n\nOk so shows like hunting urban legends/folklore... for example Bigfoot, loch Ness monster, locals say this temple is hunted and they want you to find out it if it is. The jersey devil. And you and a group of friends or single player you go gather Intel from locals where these problems are happening or if anyone have seen them recently. The better your investigation goes the better your rating gets. The better the rating more money you get for flights to new country's, new equipment like infrared cameras better cameras. Clothes and etc for customization.\n\nWith the way the game would play I would say its instanced but freedom to go where ever with enough money and Rep. Let's say I give you 3 places to investigate. Just like in the shows not every episode you might find the creature or legend but you might find clues. So that adds to your money. You fly to a new location. You come back and get a hit on a camera of what looks to be the target! The suspense would be cool. It wouldn't be for everyone I know that. But people into this stuff would really enjoy it I think\n\nWouldn't you want to hunt them folk lore monsters/urban legends? That's something I've always wanted to do but not being able to travel like them shows doing it in a game would bring me that!\n\nYeah that's fair of course your gonna get vehicles such as cars, offroading,boats ways to get to these remote locations. But for instance when your done with your investigation you just go to say a van that fasts travels close to your Intel you got. Say you miss Intel you might not be 100 percent in the spot it may be in.\n\nThe game is gonna be realistic. But yes depending on which playstyle you would prefer their would be skills. Say you want to be the tech guy for base it will relate to how far you can communicate on walkie from base camp, less interference on your cameras in rain,snow,underwater.\nThen you have the leader or captain of the team, which works best with a team, skills would be something like gain better radius to spot clues or see foot prints when grouped up, keep your team calm\nCamera guy would be in charge of getting good shots and going over footage, maybe skills would be clearer pictures to go over after the investigation, a skill to have your team go over evidence with you. Then you have the tracker/scientist they know plenty about nature and how to track animals which would able to these urban legends. Skills would be like be able to gather fur/animal droppings and get them analyzed.\n\nIt would be first person view. I feel this is the best way to feel like your in the game. Like this your character. You pick the character/class you want then customize them to how you want. I want it to be as immersive as possible. \n\nI would think preparing for your investigation would consist of buying local, food,water,medicine, flash lights, battery's, you can only buy a certain amount depending where in the world you are. In America you can stock up. But say your in a South American village where you can buy maybe a few things. But you can bring it from America but you need manage money with supply and better equipment.\n\nAnd yes you would be able to capture them. I want to make it difficult and feel amazing when you finally catch the illusive creatures. Kinda like beating a boss in dark souls after dying 100 times.\nI don't want it to be constant combat, there will be if you back it into a corner or it feels trapped. Don't forget I always want wildlife that would inhabit them areas. So machetes for clearing brush or protecting your self, maybe a hunting rifle too. But not over the top combat stuff. Skins for the weapons should be awarded for finding and proving that the creatures exist \n\nI also want to put in some haunted places maybe too. So I can have some diversity. Maybe even have like as processing through the game you get phone comes from people asking you to come check out places as added side missions!\n\nTell me how that sounds"
5wzxpm,Open world supernatural-themed horror game,"So my idea is a 3-d fps horror game set in a world where everyone has been messing with black magic, causing a supernatural apocalypse. The main character's motive is to banish the six main demons that are causing the chaos on earth.\n The game will have unusual enemies ( giant vultures, golems, scarecrows, e.t.c.) that require different objects/weapons to defeat them. There will be six main dungeons that have mechanics unique to each one to keep the game interesting."
5wyo9p,Let's make a hypothetical 4-D first person shooter! • r/fived,
5wyl66,[Intermediate] Heavily Inspired God Game,"I had this dream where I became God chosen one.\nMy entire body became electrifies with lights glowing on my body.\nThe map take place in a ruin city.\nThere are about 20 people running away from me and they just love to hide.\nOne of my special abilities is call down God when I found them.\nWhen I found a big group of people gathering in this one broken down hotel, I casually go talk to them and they were curious if I'm the God chosen one or not and I said no. \nThe game may implement some type of camouflage like covering up certain part of the body so that you can't give yourself away.\nWhenever I call down God, he would go down from heaven in a glorified form where no one can not see his face. \nWhen he come down, he would look around at a certain proximity to find the people to evaporate them from existence using nature like volcano, eruption, tornado, etc.\nIf he doesn't find the people then the chosen one gets punish by stripping him of their powers and return back to a normal being so that God can pick a new chosen one again.\nHowever neither happens to me, I just ran out of time and return to human when I was heading out of the hotel. I can see my inventory bar infection level drastically going down and return to human level.\nThey somehow accepted me back into the hotel even after I'm about to call God upon them. More like, you're one of us now.\nIf someone could make a game based off of my dream that would be amazing. \nI want the game to look more realistic with great graphics since it should be very immersive to the players."
5wwz95,"Looking for ideas, top-down 2D multiplayer game.","Hi!\n\nI'm learning phaser and getting into simple multiplayer. So far I have this working: http://104.131.68.91:3000/\n\nLooking for simple ideas that could work with 1-4 players, so nothing crazy complicated like an RPG or something like that.\n\nAlso, doesn't necessarily have to be anything like what I have working, it can be adapted to other styles easily.\n\nI was thinking of maybe a mobile game, but I'm not sure.\n\nAny ideas welcome! :)"
5wwdcr,Nice Sexy selfie,[removed]
5wq64p,Online reaction time mobile game,[deleted]
5woa5b,"The Hunter meets Monster Hunter - ""realistic"" beast slaying","My inspiration for this game comes from 3 sources: ""The Hunter"" games, Monster Hunter games and a webcomic called [Hunters of Salamanstra](http://salamanstra.keenspot.com/d/20140317.html). \n\nInstead of a hunting game being set in a real world area hunting real world animals, why not instead have a game set in a more fantasy land where the objective is to kill creatures and gain their loot. I know this sounds exactly like MH but the difference is that it wouldn't be huge, unrealistic weapons but more realistic things. Guns, bows, crossbows, etc. An FPS version of MH.\n\nSo it's a cross between The Hunter and Monster Hunter. Less anime weapons and more realism. Using the correct weapons and strategy to hunt fictional and mythological beasts.\n\n\nNow of course that's the base version of my idea so now I'll expand it into http://yourgameideaistoobig.com/ territory. It's about to get stupid.\n\n\nFirst off, each monster will drop specific loot upon death. Hides, bones, teeth, blood, etc. Let's say the player is hunting a beast that is prized for it's very tough hide. Now the logical choice of weaponry would be something that has penetration for internal organ shots. The player could just bring some big-ass anti-tank rifle and that would work but that would also make a huge hole in the hide and significantly reduce it's value. Instead a rifle that shoots a small calibre, high velocity round would be perfect because the hide damage would be minimal. That's just one example of correct strategy.\n\n\nTo go even further, the many different drops could be bought and sold by players on a market system. The materials would be used in crafting to make many things such as armors, weapons and so on.\n\n\nAnyway I have a dozen more ideas for this but this is enough for now unless somebody is curious.\n\n\nTL;DR - More realistic fps monster hunting sim with in game economy fueled by monster loot and crafting objects.\n \n\nEdit - I'm just going to vomit up the rest of my ideas here. Now it's going to start turning into an FPS-RPG-MMO.\n\n\nFirstly it won't be a survival game because it will be PvE. The main hubs will be walled cities where players can build houses and found guilds. Basically as the player gains loot, resources like wood, stone and metal and of course money their house can go from being a ramshackle wooden hut to a swag mansion. Not a building system like Fallout 4 but rather the players could pick from an assortment of pre-designed buildings. The bigger houses have more amenities and thus more cost.\n\n\nI have always loved character customization. I love being able to fill a role in a team. To that end, I've thought of a way to make characters unique.\n\nSkill trees. 2 to be exact - Combat and Support \n\n\nCombat will involve how the player actually hunts monsters and what weapons and gear they use. For example Gunners would use light armor and firearms. Rangers use light armor and Bows / Crossbows while Knights would use an assortment of melee weapons and heavy armor. \n\n\nGunners would stay at range and aim for weak spots. Rangers would be middle range and would have the ability to use special arrows such as ones that induce bleeding or inject a paralytic poison. Knights serve as the tanks and distract the beasts from the others who actually do most of the damage.\n\n\nSupport skills include things like Medic, Hauler, and Tracker.\n\n\nMedical is pretty self explanatory but they'd also be able to identify useful plants. Hauler is exactly as it sounds, these characters have extra inventory space and can carry more loot. This would be especially useful for team hunts who go after large monsters or herds which would have lots to collect. Trackers have skills that would enable them to more quickly find targets.   \n\n\nOf course these skill trees could work like Skyrims, IE the more you use the skills the more XP you gain in them and thus you'd unlock more advanced perks along their trees. But in this game a player can only choose one Combat and one Support skill each so it can be niche."
5wmhhu,Keep Walking,"I literally just had a nightmare that would make a creepy game. I was in first person, and I walk into a house I go into the living room and everything is fine  I go into the hall way and walk past a bunch of open doors where different scenes are playing out very slowly at first, almost as if everything is going in superslo mo, but as I walk down the hall, the scenes get more graphic and disturbing but I keep walking forward. Eventually I reach a door at the end and open it. I'm back at the front door and have to redo the walk, except this time the scenes are worse and in there is no hallway, I have to walk into the rooms and walk past these events without interfering or else I am attacked, however walking becomes more difficult as I go forward. Eventually I reach the worst scene, walk through it and make it to a door. I open it and wake up in my bed wondering what I just saw, sitting alone in the dark."
61326k,Action RPG - The Twilight of the Gods,"***This is a rough idea and missing information. Please ask if you have any questions; also all feedback is appreciated. I know it's long, but I think it's worth the read. Thanks for taking time to look over this and give feedback***\n\n\n\n\nAction RPG - The Twilight of the Gods\n\n\nGame Overview:\n\n- Fast hack and slash combat, similar to Titan Quest and Diablo\n- 1 - 2 player co-op\n- AAA PC game\n- Narrative driven\n- Norse Mythology setting\n\n\nDescription:\n\n- Set in the time of magic and gods, your character dies and is reborn in Valhalla as an Einherjer.\n- You are tasked by Odin to return to Midgard and aid the gods in stopping Ragnorok from occurring.\n- Your quest spans seven books (or acts) and all nine realms; allowing you to fully explore this world.\n\n\nGameplay:\n\n- Varied environments as you explore the nine realms; ranging from plains and forests to tundras and fire worlds.\n- Story has multiple endings based on your actions.\n- Large, mostly open world design. The world unlocks new areas as the narrative allows; so as you progress in the game you have more and more of the world open to you and can always revisit previous areas.\n- No levels or experience. This can make games a grind, so in place of it is a Faith system, which will be detailed below.\n- No classes. Abilities are obtained through the Faith system.\n- Weapon proficiency. The more you use a weapon the better you become. There are no restrictions on what you can use.\n\n\nQuests:\n\n- Quests are handled as completely optional; aside from the narrative that progresses the story.\n- You can complete quests in different manners or simply not complete them; but an impact will still be made.\n- Moral choices in some quests; like someone asking you to kill a giant, whom you find to be a simple farming giant and no threat to anyone.\n- Time is a major factor as each new Book takes place a few months in the future; so if you pass a burned down village on Book Four, you may wonder if you could have prevented that by visiting the village and helping them in a previous Book. Another example would be rescuing a child from a wolf attack and revisiting several Books later to find he is a young adult and may offer a quest or items at that point. This is to make quests more fun and rewarding in that they have a lasting impact, as well as to make exploring areas you've already been more fun.\n	\n\nGreat Deeds:\n\n- These are optional but not quests. Instead, they are scripted, time-sensitive events; which you can help with or not. Even if you decide to help, you may not succeed. An example would be traveling along a roadway when you see a group of bandits attacking a cart. It's up to you whether you aid, but if you choose to you must act before the bandits kill anyone or flee with the loot. Another example could be coming across a village with a field of crops on fire. If you act fast and put out the fire before the crops are destroyed then you succeed. You may be given a reward or not for these Great Deeds, but will always be awarded a bonus in Faith.\n- These Great Deeds can have an impact on the future, just like quests. If you don't save the crops from being destroyed, then perhaps in future Books the village will be deserted.\n\n\nFaith System:\n\n- In place of levels or experience, which I feel can lead players into a frustrating grind, this games features a Faith system. Faith is more like spiritual currency than experience. You gain Faith through various means and then redeem it for various purposes, as opposed to simply amassing experience through deeds.\n- Faith also ties into the narrative. The gods sent you on a quest, however, you aren't the only Einherjer. Moreover, the gods are fickle and proud; they require Faith for everything they do.\n\n- How to gain Faith:\n	- Combat\n	- Exploration\n	- Quests\n	- Great Deeds\n	- Bonuses from Major/Minor gods\n	- Giving offerings of items/equipment/money to the gods\n\n\n- What Faith is used for:\n	- Reviving if you have died\n	- Healing health/spirit pools\n	- Temporarily enhancing stats\n	- Temporarily enchanting equipment\n	- Permanently enhancing abilities\n	- Permanently enhancing stats\n	- Permanently enchanting equipment\n	- Teleporting between Temples and to Asgard\n	- Purchasing new abilities\n	- Purchasing Godly equipment/items\n\n\n- Where can you use Faith:\n	- Alters: Found all over or built with supplies\n		- Reviving if you have died\n		- Healing health/spirit pools\n		- Temporarily enhancing stats\n	- Shrines: Found in villages and major roadways\n		- Used as an Alter, plus below\n		- Temporarily enchanting equipment\n		- Permanently enhancing abilities\n		- Permanently enhancing stats\n		- Giving offerings of items/equipment/money 			 	  to the gods\n	- Temples: Found in large towns\n		- Used as a Shrine, plus below\n		- Permanently enchanting equipment\n		- Teleporting between Temples and to Asgard\n		- Purchasing new abilities\n	- Gods directly: Found in Asgard and the realms\n		- Purchasing Godly equipment/items\n\n- On reviving if you have died, you are given the option of reviving at the nearest Alter, Shrine or Temple you have been to. Alters cost the most Faith, then Shrines, and finally Temples cost zero Faith to revive at. Temples though, will likely be much farther away from the action, so it may benefit you to pay Faith and revive at an Alter or Shrine.\n\n\nMajor Gods/Abilities:\n\n- You pick a god at the games start. The god you pick determines the abilities you can purchase as well as bonuses you get for certain play styles.\n\n	- God	 	/ Type		/ Faith Bonus\n\n	- Odin		/ Mage		/ Exploration\n	- Frigg		/ Mage		/ Questing\n	- Baldur	/ Mage		/ Combat\n	- Heimdall	/ Hunter	/ Exploration\n	- Loki		/ Hunter	/ Questing\n	- Freya		/ Hunter	/ Combat\n	- Frey		/ Warrior	/ Exploration\n	- Thor		/ Warrior	/ Questing\n	- Sif		/ Warrior	/ Combat\n\n- The character type is based on what abilities they primarily offer.\n- The Faith Bonus is to cater to certain play styles. If you never do quests or explore much, then receiving a Faith Bonus for combat is more suited to your play style.\n- I won't detail the abilities here, but imagine a tree-like   system featured in Titan Quest. New abilities may require other abilities prior to unlocking. You can enhance or upgrade existing abilities, say turning a lighting strike which does minor damage into something much more powerful.\n\n- Each god will have roughly 15 - 20 abilities\n\n\nMinor Gods/Abilities:\n\n- After gaining a certain number (fairly high number) of Faith, you will be given the option to start worshipping a minor god. If you do you will keep everything you've gained from your major god but now have access to new abilities and bonuses. This will mean that new Faith you gain you will choose which god to give it to, so you may never max out your major god if you get a minor god as well.\n- Instead of Faith bonuses being awarded based on Exploration, Questing, Combat, they are given based on a specific action, like killing giants or healing a team member.\n\n	- God		/ Type		/ Faith Bonus\n\n	- Tyr		/ Warrior	/ Killing wolves\n	- Magni		/ Warrior	/ Killing with fire\n	- Mani		/ Warrior	/ ?\n	- Saga		/ Warrior	/ ?\n	- Foseti	/ Warrior	/ ?\n	- Hlin		/ Warrior	/ ?\n	- Dagr		/ Warrior	/ ?\n	- Vali		/ Hunter	/ ?\n	- Hoenir	/ Hunter	/ ?\n	- Sol		/ Hunter	/ ?\n	- Nott		/ Hunter	/ ?\n	- Ullr		/ Hunter	/ ?\n	- Bragi		/ Hunter	/ ?\n	- Hodr		/ Hunter	/ ?\n	- Kvasir	/ Mage		/ ?\n	- Modi		/ Mage		/ ?\n	- Mimir		/ Mage		/ ?\n	- Ran		/ Mage		/ ?\n	- Skadi		/ Mage		/ ?\n	- Idunna	/ Mage		/ Healing a companion\n	- Hel		/ Mage		/ Killing the undead\n\n- Each god will have roughly 5 - 7 abilities\n	\n\nPlayer Stats:\n\n- Stats are your basic attributes and can be affected by buffs/debuffs, armor and weapons and increased by using Faith.\n- The idea here is to give the player  the option to upgrade   their character in any way they want and not make any one stat more important then the next.\n\n- Health: Your total HP. When it reaches zero you die and are revived.\n- Spirit: Your total SP. Using abilities depletes this.\n- Strength: Your physical attack power.\n- Agility: Your attack speed, hit rate, and critical rate.\n- Wisdom: Affects the power of your abilities.\n- Piety: A stat that can boost how much Faith you receive.\n\n\nEnemies/Combat:\n\n- Enemies will vary from place to place and include wildlife, 	  to various races like men, giants, elves, etc.\n- Combat will be fast paced and similar to Titan Quest but with a greater focus on physical attacks over abilities. Since abilities will consume Spirit which is not readily restored.\n- Enemies will scale with the player. They will have a hidden  Faith-like score, which will scale up with the player. Randomly enemies will be assigned enhanced stats or new abilities based on this score. So if a player has high total Faith, even if its been used on new abilities, stats, etc, then the enemies encounter will reflect that.\n- If a player spends Faith to revive, then the enemies will actually have that number deducted from their score. In other words, if you die a lot, then the enemies will start to get weaker and if you are doing good they will start to get stronger.\n- Certain enemies, like boss-types will have a set percentage above your total Faith, so they are always a challenge.\n\n\nRealms:\n\n- Realms unlock as the narrative progresses as well as certain areas of the realms. Each area you unlock, stays open to the player throughout the game, so you are free to explore an ever expanding world.\n	\n	- Niflheim:\n		- One of the first two realms. World of mist, cold and dark.\n		- Inhabited by mist giants, dark dragons, and more.\n		- Notables: Well of Time\n		- Ancient King: Alrtr. Brother to Surtr.\n	- Muspelheim:\n		- One of the first two realms. World of fire, heat and light.\n		- Inhabited by fire giants, fire birds, and more.\n		- Notables: The fire giants destroy Asgard, the gods and Midgard at Ragnorok.\n		- Ancient King: Surtr. Brother to Alrtr. Can destroy the world with fire by swinging his sword.\n	- Asgard:\n		- Home of the Aesir/gods. They are beautiful and cunning but also vain and weak (compared to giants)\n		- Inhabited only by the Aesir and a few Vanir. Everything else was made to leave.\n		- Notables: Well of Fate is located here. The gods convene there.\n		- Ancient King: Buri. Father of the gods. Killed by Odin and his brothers, as a way to usurp him.\n	- Vanaheim:\n		- Home of the Vanir/gods. They are similar to the Aesir but not often warlike. Instead focusing on nature. Most were killed during the Aesir/Vanir war. Frey and Freya were taken to Asgard to live.\n		- Inhabited by the Vanir, fairies, strange and interesting wildlife.\n		- Notables: This is a very peaceful realm that has been marred by war.\n		- Ancient King: Illyn. Brother to Buri. Hates the gods for killing Buri and Ymir and attacking Vanaheim.\n	- Midgard:\n		- Home to Men. Modeled after the Aesir; they have many of the same qualities and faults.\n		- Inhabited by Half-giants, and a wide array of wildlife.\n		- Notables: Largest realm with the most variety in life and land.\n		- Ancient King: Aegir. Sea King. Essence of Water and Life.\n	- Jotunheim:\n		- Home to frost giants, Jotun. Generally not cunning or beautiful, they are often very large and powerful.\n		- Inhabited by frost giants, ice wolves, and more.\n		- Notables: Well of Wisdom is here. Mimir tends the well and offers wisdom to Odin.\n		- Ancient King: Ymir. Father of frost giants. Killed by Odin and his brothers; was friends with Buri.\n	- Alfheim:\n		- Home of the Elves, Alf. They are similar to the Vanir and are nature focused as well as know magic.\n		- Inhabited by elves and various woodland creatures.\n		- Notables: Similar to Vanaheim but more warlike. They use nature to aid in their battles.\n		- Ancient King: Kaln. Brother to Faln.\n	- Svaralfheim:\n		- Home of the Dwarves, Svaralf (dark elves). They are related to elves but the pressure and dark of living underground, have made them ugly, short and not nature minded. Instead they mine and craft. Crafting the best items for the gods.\n		- Inhabited by dwarves, bats, bugs and more.\n		- Notables: The deeper you go the more precious the mining and crafting, but also the more dangerous.\n		- Ancient King: Faln. Brother to Kaln. Has a grudge with Kaln because he was banished underground.\n	- Helheim:\n		- Home of the dead, unless otherwise selected by Odin. Was once called Baniheim, Home of Death. \n		- Inhabited by the dead. An unstoppable army controlled by Hel.\n		- Notables: After the birth of Hel, Odin sent her here where she became ruler.\n		- Ancient King: Bani. Imprisoned once Hel was sent to rule.\n\n\nStory:\n\n- The story focuses on the player, an Einherjer, that is sent by Odin to explore the realms and prevent Ragnorok if possible. When preventing it doesn't seem possible then to recruit others to join the gods in the fight against the giants. The story is fantastical but at its core has very human elements. The gods tell you the giants are pure evil but when you first travel to Jotunheim, which is separated from Midgard by a river, you see a farming village with half giant, half humans. They live in peace and don't want a war. As you progress through the Books you will see that the giants have a grudge with the gods, but for a good reason. At Ragnorok the player can actually choose which side to fight with. The player will see that the gods aren't pure good just like the giants aren't pure evil. Other themes throughout will be prejudice faced by dwarves, giants, half breeds ,etc. In the end the player will hopefully walk away with an experience that was not only hack and slash fun, but also with a story that was impactful and heartfelt. It also makes replaying the game more enjoyable since the game will feature multiple endings.\n\n\nBooks:\n\n- The books should take roughly 2 - 3 hrs to complete each and focus on different realms, while following the narrative.\n\n- Book One: Twilight of the Gods\n	- You begin in Asgard and after an attack by a single large giant and some minions, Odin fears Ragnorok is upon the gods. They convene at the Well of Fate and their fears confirmed. He sends you to Midgard and then on to Jotunheim to the Well of Wisdom to find out if there is any way to prevent this fate.\n- Book Two: The Well and the Tree\n	- Mimir at the Well of Wisdom tells you that you must gather an army to match the giants. Odin sends you across the realms to speak to the elves, the dwarves and the vanir and get them to join the gods.\n- Book Three: Ancient Kings\n	- Here you are tasked with meeting with the Ancients to get their help. These are beings older and more powerful than anything else in the realms. This Book will take you to all the realms.\n- Book Four: The Children of Loki\n	- Loki has Fenrir the wolf, Jormungandr the world serpent and Hel. He sends them out to cause havoc in the realms and create fear and destruction. You must find them and battle them.\n- Book Five: The Army of the Dead\n	- Hel is banished to the realm of the dead, but that's not the last of her. Now she controls an unstoppable army. You must venture to Helheim to battle the dead and beat Hel.\n- Book Six: Fire and Ice\n	- The Ice/Mist realm and Fire/Heat realm are the oldest and most powerful realms. Not even the gods dare go to them. The fire realm has already sided with the giants so you must battle there and then on to the ice realm to persuade the them to join the gods in one last battle. There is also a third well that no one has ever been to there. The Well of Time.\n- Book Seven: Ragnorok\n	- Ragnorok is the end of the gods and all the realms. You must battle to the end in this epic conclusion.\n\n\nOther features:\n\n- No mini map or radar. I think this pulls the player out of the narrative and puts the focus squarely on ""where do I go next?""\n- Map and quest log would allow players to read where they need to go for certain quests.\n- No quest markers. In my opinion this is solely there to cater to a casual gamer that wants to do a quest simply to check a box or get a reward and does not benefit gameplay or narrative.\n- Deep lore that is mostly based on real mythology, with some 	  elements created by me. No prior knowledge needed as everything is available in game. Whether it reading or talking to NPCs to get lore, or simply playing the game through without it.\n- Limited fast travel. This is only possible through Temple to Temple or Temple to Asgard and costs Faith. You are also limited to allow travel between Temples you have previously been to.\n\n\nWeapon/Armor Types:\n\n- There will a wide array of weapons and different types of armor. Weapons degrade quickly, unless they are magical. Armor takes longer, but you will find yourself replacing weapons and armor fairly often.\n- Weapons and armor will affect stats.\n- Magical weapons and armor won't degrade, nor will normal weapons and armor that have been enchanted.\n\n\nEquipment:\n\n- Limited loot drops. This is in contrast to other games in this genre, but I think it would be a benefit here. Instead of being burdened by a deluge of junk drops, you would get equipment drops primarily from boss type encounters or treasure chests.\n- Limited magical drops. Goes with the above point, most equipment you get will be normal gear that breaks. This takes the focus off loot drops and the grind that comes with it. Instead you get a sword and use it and when it breaks you swap out for the axe you have on you. There are magical items but are more rare; thus getting one or more would be very exciting.\n- No crafting. The reason for this is that I don't think it would add much to this game. It can be fun in games but here I think it would take the player away from what's important and require them to manage countless inventory items just to craft something that they should be able to purchase or find.\n- Special Godly equipment. Can be purchased from the gods.\n- Rare and special equipment can be purchased from the dwarves.\n- The more you use a type of equipment, ie a sword, the higher your proficiency becomes. Since weapons break, you will get moderate proficiency in multiple weapons types unless you specifically keep only one type in your inventory, allow a greater proficiency in a single type. This is designed to give players more freedom to use what they what, while rewarding players that stick to a certain type.\n\n\nTime:\n\n- Time has been touched on in some of the above topics already but I wanted to go into a little more detail.\n- Time is such a big factor because it's my feeling that in ARPGS or RPGs players don't often see their actions as being important. Since the entire narrative rides on the idea that perhaps what we do does matter and we can change fate, it is important that the player feels like they are making a difference with everything they do.\n- The idea of revisiting a town several Books later to see people that you got quests from and spoke with and see how things have changed will be a very rewarding experience. Perhaps a young couple named a new born baby after you, because you aided them previously.\n- Time will also allow for a change in scenery. For example, you may visit a village in spring-time in Book One and then again in Book Two, but now it's autumn.\n\n\nConclusion:\n\n- To conclude I would like to thank you for taking the time to read this. Please offer feedback, so I can make this game world even better.\n- This is not a pitch for a game. I'm not a programmer nor am I creating this game. It's an idea I have developed that I quite like. I think it is possible to make, but I'm not here to do that. Just want to share this game idea and see how others view it.\n- I think this game would be very different from other ARPGs currently or previously available.\n	- Thanks again!"
612zxt,r,[deleted]
612vlj,r,[deleted]
612sy7,t,[deleted]
612pth,t,[deleted]
6103yx,Action RPG - The Twilight of the Gods,[deleted]
60zhif,"Help me flesh out my idea for a school management game, please!","I have an idea kinda based on the SIMS where you control a school in its early stages. You start out with only one class where only a handful of students join. \n\nThe students can join competitions and Olympiads that help them improve their grades and also give them insight into their future careers.\n\nThe staff takes up a yearly salary the better teacher bring in better students but also ask for more salary.\n\nThe students pay some fees regularly that go into the school funds which the player can allocate to the teachers and into building classes. \n\nIn the beginning, you have some amount of money to hire teachers who have certain scores in different subjects. \n\nThese scores directly affect the scores of the students, who in turn, affect the rank of the school in the city.\n\nIt is kinda perpetual but it feels like its gonna get boring very quickly.\n\nI imagine this being a very small mobile game.\n\nI would like your opinions on this. Thank you!"
60xzi8,Fable: The Void,"**Fable: The Void**\n\nBefore The Hero of Bowerstone and after The Hero of Oakvale is a large chunk of time untouched and unexplored by Fable Lore. It's a blank canvas, the only thing truly known about this chunk of time is that Heroes were hunted down by the invention of the gun because they were deemed a nuisance by the People of Albion.\n\nThough no official name has been given to this period, I am naming it The Age of Guilds. The Heroes' Guild is the most notorious but I have established an entire period in which tons of Guilds exist. One of which is the Paragon's Temple.\n\nThis Temple serves to house Heroes of absolute Purity. They are trained to make choices choosing the path of purity over corruption. They clothe white and tan robes and each with their own mask. The mask is given to each apprentice when they reach the rank of Guardian.\n\n**Plot Summary**\nThe plot is extremely long and not finished, so in summary it begins with a gateway from The Void being opened right inside The Paragon's Temple. The Darkness floods out and The Guardians fight them but are overwhelmed. In a last attempt of desperate measure, the most powerful Will Users discharge their will abilities and cause the gateway to shut. In the process, a Guardian named Casts is sucked into The Void.\n\n*Into The Void*\nCasts becomes the protagonist. The Void is introduced as a very vile place with no human life but creatures roam the uninhabited parts of The Void. They include the souls of creatures from Albion. The three primary ones are the Trolls, Balverines and Hobbes. These 3 creatures befriend Casts in his quest to find out where the gateway to Albion was opened from within The Void. \n\n*Creatures of The Void*\nCasts begins his quest by stumbling along a familiar village burning to the Ground. He has the option to slay The White Balverine or spare her. Either way gains Casts respect from the rest. Casts is guided to the Hobbes for a army. There he meets the Hobbe Child Catcher. A corrupt soul who stole the Hobbes from the more motherly Nymphs. The Hobbe Child Catcher gives a quest to Casts to slay the The Platinum Troll inside their mountain. Casts goes to slay the Troll but the Troll talks to Casts and explains that the Hobbes and Trolls got along until the Hobbe Child Catcher misled the Hobbes. Casts can slay or spare both the Platinum Troll and Hobbe Child Catcher. Slaying any of the Creatures protectors gives Casts more powerful Will ability. Sparing them allows Casts to summon them during combat.\n\n*Quest to Silence The Darkness*\nNot sure where the story goes from here in detail, but Casts is shamed by the destruction of his/her mask by one of the agents of The Darkness. And is forced to slay all the creatures - who have been corrupted - he has befriended in The Void but is killed in the process.\n\nThe major part of this nonexistent game are the game mechanics I've compiled for use.\n\n**Combat**\nThere is to be the 3 attributes established in prior games. Strength, Skill and Will. And each has a specific in-game combat mechanic that compliments it.\n\n***Melee***\nMelee is the 3rd person mode we are used to. You choose any melee weapon you assign with the Dpad. The three melee weapon types are:\n* One-Handed\n* Two-Handed\n* Pike\n\n*One-Handed*\nIncludes: Sword, Katana, Axe, Cleaver, Pickhammer (Fable 1 Classic), Mace\n(Perhaps a Shield Option)\n\n*Two-Handed*\nGreat hammer, Great axes, Great sword, Great maces, (Scythe?)\n\n***Ranged***\nRanged is used in a 1st person mode as a FPS shooter type mode (Got inspiration for 3rd to 1st person shift from Oddworld: Strangers Wrath). When you switch to it, the dpad shows types of ranged weapons summonable. Types include: (Needs more work)\n\n*Crossbow*\nRevolving, Scoped, Dual\n\n*Yew*\nLongbow, Shortbow\n\n*Rifle*\nClockwork, Torrent\n\n*Blunderbuss*\nShotgun\n\n*Flintlock*\nPistols\n\nMelee and Ranged Weapons have the ability to switch out whatever you want for another and assign the weapon to the Dpad for quick use.\n\n***Will***\nThis gets incredibly complex. But in-game allows for a huge variety of options. It can be done in 3rd person only, 1st person creates projectile types based off of the Will Spell you select.\n\nThere will be 4 types of Will Spells. Each is an attack, physical and surround spell in one.\n\n**Will Summary**\nRight Bumper chooses Will Abilities. Using the Dpad to choose what ability you want to cast while holding right bumper and using right trigger to cast it. You can choose Ice, Force, Fire and Lightning.\n\nHolding right trigger makes it more powerful. If you hold it until your mana depletes you will send a random discharge of mana into the air with unrelenting force and mysterious effect. The right stick will determine where you cast the spell.\n\nIf you lock onto an object, and cast it, it'll cast the spell directly at that target. To undo magic, you can press B to cancel.\n\nIf not locked onto a target, you can cast area effect spells. You determine where you want the spell casted by using the left stick to choose a location and the right stick to choose how you want it casted.\n\nYou can move while target selecting with mana, not with area spells.\n\nThe force of a spell is the same strength the entire game, but it's power in combat depends on whether you use in the battle with limited mana or wait until it replenishes. Casting spells without enough mana create mana discharges which hurt you, friendly and enemies.\n\n**Will Spells**\n\n*Ice*\n	Area\nDown will freeze a group of enemies feet to the ground\nUp will create shards of ice rain down on the enemy\nLeft or Right will create a wall of ice to block the enemy\nNo movement will choose yourself which will surround you in ice to recover your Health\n	Target Select\nNo movement will cast a snowball right at the target dealing massive damage\nUp will send a shard of ice right onto the enemy\nDown will freeze the enemy entirely\nLeft or Right will slow down all enemies in a targets vicinity with a gust of freezing wind.\n\n*Fire*\n	Area\nDown will send a inferno of fire through the ground burning enemies feet (Inferno)\nUp will summon a giant Fireball from the sky and deal area effect and squash whatever enemy it lands on\nLeft or Right will send a tornado of fire burning through enemies to the location. The farther away the less damage it deals. Closer means more damage.\nNo movement surrounds yourself in a ember wall burning any enemy trying to attack you and pushes enemies away by expanding until it fades out.\n	Target Select\nNo movement sends a Fireball at the target dealing massive damage\nUp will engulf the target in a vortex of flames (keeps target from moving) (If it's human, make it have bones left over lol)\nDown will char the ground and deal damage to all enemies in a targets vicinity.\nLeft or right will work as a whiplash of flames and ward off enemies (switching from target to target will whip it around and attack multiple enemies at once)\n\n*Lightning*\n	Area\nDown will create a discharge on the ground and shock enemies leaving them defenseless to attack\nUp will create a lightning storm and stun the tallest enemies and (good for heavy enemies)\nLeft or Right will send shockwaves to the area you selected and stun targets (larger targets recover faster)\nNo movement will coat yourself in electric and stun anything that strikes you with melee (and shoot back projectiles at their enemies stunning them)\n	Target Select\nNo movement sends lightning straight at the target dealing massive damage\nUp will strike a target multiple times over the course of time if they go for heavy attacks or are going to hit you (good for large targets) (good investment)\nDown will create an electric grid that stuns enemies that walk over it\nLeft or Right will create a string of enemies you can choose from by selecting new targets\n\n*Force*\n	Area\nUp will implode the spot sending enemies flying away from the selected area\nDown will pull enemies into the ground giving you time to attack them\nLeft or Right will Send a force push/wave  into the direction you choose and loses its power the farther you choose\nNo movement will implode your own area and send enemies flying in all directions\n	Target Select\nNo movement pushes everything in line of path of Casts and the target until it reaches the target and knocks them over (precision)\nUp will send a target up into the sky and then let them fall\nDown will suck the enemy into the ground\nLeft or Right will send out bursts of force that knock down enemies\n\nDpad can be configured for preference but\nUp is Fire\nDown is Force\nLeft is Lightning\nRight is Ice\n\n**Summons In Game**\nOne the most compelling aspects of Fable: The Void would be Casts ability to summon creatures.\n\nAs Casts, you can summon one of three types of Creatures to fight with you at a time. So you can't summon all three at the same time, that'd be overpowered. To add a lore aspect to this idea, the Balverines give you a Summoners Stone. It has a limit because you can only summon a Creature when the stone is filled with Souls, when you summon Creatures it empties itself and you have to reabsorb the Creatures souls and refill the stone. Their death refills the stone too.\n\nThere are three types of Creatures. Balverines, Hobbes, and Trolls.\n\n*Balverines*\nBalverine\nBlood Balverine\nFrost Balverine\nWhite Balverine (If you spare it)\n\n*Hobbes*\nWarrior\nBrute\nWizard\nCommander\nNymph\nHobbe Child Catcher (If you spare it)\n\n*Trolls*\nWill spawn dependent on the terrain you are on.\nRock\nEarth/Soil\nIce\nSwamp\nForest\nPlatinum (If you spare it)\n\nStill working on balancing the gameplay aspect so you're not summoning overpowered creatures. For example: A White Balverine and 3 Blood Balverines. Only one troll at a time. Creating a horde of Hobbes but balancing it.\n\nThis is what I have so far. Obviously this game will never become reality, but regardless it's super fun to speculate and think about the possibilities. I'm open to criticism and input!\n\nThanks for reading all this if you came this far. I didn't spell or Grammar check, was too eager for feedback."
60updl,Papers Please: Trump Tower,"Now is most certainly the time for a Papers Please spin-off. \n\nThe topical directions a Papers Please sequel could take range from getting out of Syria to being Hispanic in Texas to trying to deplane at JFK.\n\nBut I suggest that working as a secret service agent at the front door to Trump Tower would provide the most opportunities for expanding procedures as the plot thickens. Authorization would come from multiple directions with great impacts to citizens, residents and the nation. \n\nThe player would have so much to ponder when choosing a course of action:\n\nIs that hotdog cart outside the doors a threat?\nWhere are those women going?\nWhat is in that briefcase?\nWhat are the connections between those passing through?\nWon't this get me fired?\nWhere do my allegiances lie?\nGosh, that's a lot of money.\n\nOf course Arstotzka was not a real country. The game would need a fictional setting that only *suggests* Trump Tower.  \n\nWhat would make this idea better?"
60sqsj,"Adventuria, the moldable universe","Classy title, right? ;)\n\nThis is basically a [Landmark](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gvSRXZZwec) competitor developed in Open Source with universe sized rooms for different rulesets, like MineCraft servers or perhaps something more like Roblox maps.\n\nIn the spirit of being able to build, perhaps characters should be unique and potentially more integrated into the worlds, like the [Thwomp](https://www.google.com/search?q=thwomp) in Mario games; I'm thinking something along the lines of the actions you can perform include a world change toolset, of which different character classes can do different things. For example, the tank would literally be of the land and you would have to move around by manipulation of it, like extruding pillars to kind of do a jump. Be careful though - if you separate a pillar completely from the ground into the air you become like a fish out of water! Imagine being able to integrate all the different elements into character too.\n\nI believe the proper gameplay, if there is a true story mode, would revolve around something similar to the NeverEnding Story's Nothingness, which is trying to destroy consciousness and creation - bringing forth false peace via death."
60sfjt,The Platformer- My actual made game,"[The Platformer ](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=616155502&amp;searchtext=The+Platformer+)\n\nThe link above will bring you to a game I actually created on Steam through Game Maker Studio, it may not be the best but I'm still new to creating video games, it's a fun hobby honestly. I started working on the game around February of last year. It started out as a small project to me then becoming a big hobby to work on. I plan to definitely make a subreddit for this either way whether people play it or not. The game is still at a small stage but I plan to turn it into something big. Please do check out the game on Steam and do enjoy."
60rvkk,Need RPG Boss Ideas,Hey guys. I am looking for cliche RPG boss ideas. Any ideas? Thanks in advance! :)
60p4mo,Games like Fingle and commute,"I want to make a simple 2 player co-operative game on mobile, so using touch based controls.\n\nIdeally I want it to really use the controls."
60o3n5,Submit your ideas and I will attempt to make a game design document out of my favorite,"The title says it all.\n\nI'm no game developer myself, so my game design document will be more, um, idea than actual game design plan.  So, don't whine if one of the ideas in my game design document isn't ""plausible"" or ""possible"" for an indie studio to do.  I'm just doing this for fun, not because I actually want to make a game.\n\nEdit: Thanks for all your submissions.  These are all great ideas, I'll choose my favorite soon."
60iqbc,"""Minesweeper meets battleships"" internet board game","This is an idea I have for a simple 2-player web/mobile ""board game"" which I could hack up in a couple of free afternoons, but I'd appreciate any criticisms or suggestions. I may or may not get around to actually making it, but anyone who fancies it is free to try their own implementation. I could also do with a catchy name. The rules are as follows:\n\nOverview: Each player controls a minesweeping/minelaying ship. The objective of the game is either to destroy the other players ship with a mine, or uncover all of their mines.\n\nBOARD: The game is played on square grid, say 20x20 squares. The board will show the positions of both player's ships, a ""wake"" of all the squares they have passed through, and any known deployed mines (i.e. one's deployed by the player, or enemy mines that have been uncovered.)\n\nAny squares which the player can be sure do not contain mines (because they have swept them and the enemy has not passed near enough since to deploy a new mine) are marked as safe.\n\nSETUP: Each player secretly chooses one square anywhere on the board to place their first mine. Then they choose another square to start their ship in. If both players choose the same starting square, the game server places both ships randomly (but not adjacent to any mines.)\n\nEach player starts with 3 mines, not including the initial mine.\n\nTURNS: Each player takes their turn simultaneously, and moves are not resolved or shown until both players have submitted their moves.\n\nEach player may move their ship between 0 and 5 squares in any directions. They may choose to (secretly) deploy a mine on any square adjacent to a square they pass through or stop in (on that turn). If they pass through a square containing a live mine (friendly(?) or enemy), their ship is destroyed, and they lose the game.\n\nAt the end of each turn, any enemy mines in squares adjacent to a players ship are revealed to that player, and disarmed. \n\nIf a player ends their turn on a square containing a disarmed mine, that mine is removed from the board and added to that player's stock of deployable mines. "
60iebq,The Legend of Shadow,Well its a beat em up you also have helpers that do effects\nthere is also items \nthe goal of the game is to get all the items needed for summoning the end boss you can get the pieces by defeating the grass fire and water elements some effects of helpers: Poison Healing Confusion (has a 50% chanche to skip the enemies turn) Some ussefull Items Potion Mana Restore (mana for magic moves) Sludge (poisons the enemy in the beggining of the fight) and black powder (does 10 damage or higher how many times you upgrade\n damage to the enemy of enemies) There is also money and shops :D maybe there is a option for lootbags helper boxes (gets random helper how higher rank how better) or getting new clothing
60e54u,an idea for social media like facebook but not the concept of face book,what if you could make a game like facemash but not using names of people but using names of towns and let the people who are listed on the gps of that town defend there town from other invading town and the name of the town is the real name of your town in real life. its like comparing two names of towns where people place a like votes of there town the winner is the town who got the highest vote or like!\n\n
60dmj4,Any ideas for addicting mobile games?,"Games like Rolling Sky, Endless Sky, etc. just an idea for an endless mobile game 'ball' (controllable character is a ball) games that are addicting. Thanks."
607er2,"Giants Apocalypse, 3D MMO Fighting","**Intro**\n\nThe giant race thrives day to day on a slightly different realm than the humans, past the gateways of the mountains. After 3000 years of recovery, war has again broken out in attempt to reach the Titans and the mountain passes will again be used in battle.\n\n**Gameplay**\n\nUsing a topographic map of Earth with mountain waypoints, a free for all 10 km high giant battle happens across the globe. The fighting is a combination of [first person melee](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=first+person+melee) and [Tekken's Force/Campaign mode controls.](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=tekken+3+force+mode)\n\nThe win condition happens when enough of a giant clan ""level up"" enough to attempt a raid on the mythical Titans, and success leads to a New Game +. At the end of the year a championship is held and the best players are invited to a developer-controlled special Dungeon Master event - *Titan Apocalypse*."
606tlq,"Multiplayer platformer, hit me with ideas!","Ok, I have a multiplayer platformer.  I can run around, you can run around... and there is physics (box2d).  So now what?  What can I possibly make this game about that is feasible, simple and attractive?  I started this drawing inspiration from Transformice and Bonk.io, but don't want to exactly copy them.  Hit me with ideas!"
606hte,Colonial Mars,"Okay, so you're a Mars colonist. You have the little habitat where you sleep, has dispensers for food, water and jetpack fuel. There's a computer for communicating with other colonies, and another for controlling your colony's rover.\n\nIf you put on your spacesuit, you can go outside. There, you see the greenhouse where the food is made and processed (You can go get food from it directly, if conditions allow, rather than going inside to get it), the rover, the water processing unit, the solar panels for power, fuel storage tank, and the flagpole. I'll get to that in a bit.\n\nThe food, water, fuel and power units are fully destructible. If they're broken, they can't produce what they're supposed to until they're fixed. \n\nYou start with tools, but they either wear out or are consumed over time. You must find Martian minerals to make new ones, as well as to mix fuel. The water processor also sometimes runs low on water, requiring you to find ice deposits to refill it.\n\nThere would be lots of plateaus, mountains and craters to explore, and your map is drawn as you do, only showing places you've been.\n\nBut wait, what was the flagpole I mentioned for?\n\nIn singleplayer, this will have a fictitious flag, perhaps one with a red circle outlined in white on a black background, just for show.\n\nIn multiplayer, there would be hundreds of procedurally generated mars bases like the one I described, each belonging to one of 3 nations: US, EU and China. I know EU isn't one country, but they have a joint space program, so they'll be one here. You're randomly assigned to one when you start, and put in a random habitat belonging to your country. When you die, you can choose between the closest 3 habitats to you that belong to your country. The flag shows which country it belongs to, and you can only enter a habitat, collect food from the greenhouse, etc. if your country owns it.\n\nIf you find one that belongs to a different country, you can go and try to take their flag down to put yours up. However, players from a different nation than you being near the flag will stop you from doing that, so you may have to drive them away if you want to expand. You don't have weapons though, as mission control expected this to be a peaceful colonization and exploration mission. Therefore, if you want to get conquery, you may need to use the rovers, oxygen tanks, repair tools, etc as makeshift weapons (run them over, blow them up, bludgeon them, etc. respectively). Remember that the supplies you'd use for this are needed elsewhere, so be careful!\n\nI suspect that this game will have interesting gameplay, as players who explore will have brave sandstorms, as well as more militant players, and perhaps groups will form to protect peaceful players. Imagine the inventive player figuring out how to jerry-rig fuel tanks and rovers together into increasingly advanced weapons and machinery!\n\nMaybe there could be a technology tree of things you can craft to use in your exploring. Perhaps make it a spherical plaet somehow, so we don't have to deal with immersion-breaking edges of the game, nor the technical problems associated with infinite worlds."
6062uj,"A mixture of Until Dawn, Singularity, Silent Hill P.T, Half-life, Remember me , You see where I'm going with this?","Now first of all let me explain how Singularity and Until Dawn are similar in my opinion :  \n1- BUTTERFLY EFFECT ! (The time travel from Singularity with the whole story from UD)\n2- The people are stranded in some creepy place willingly\n3-Some people made nature angry/Disrupted Physics for some scientific/economic reason and Nature retaliated with some supernatural ""things"" .\n4- You can CHOOSE to do something or not (actually in Singularity it's just the ending action but still)\nAnd many more that I don't remember now... \n\n\nSo you could mix the ""science stuff"" from Singularity with the story and main theme from Until Dawn with mystery solving and trippy stuff from P.T with the tech from Half-Life (More from 2?) with the mind/memory stuff from Remember Me.\n\n\nWhat do you think?"
