A game where you are a judge. Simple concept, except the cases would be more or less randomly generated with random witness genders and so forth. I actually created the very basic groundwork of this in text form in Python. The groundwork is creating sets of variables to identify whether someone is a male or female, so when they tell a story or testimony they can say "she did this to me." "He did this to me" that's from a coding perspective. From a gaming perspective I want to create an experience where a player is put in a position of power and choice. The actual guilt of a person could be random, and I haven't decided how the game would tie back and tell the player, hey, you sent an innocent to jail, or just leave it open ended. Some of the things I hadn't worked out: I want the player to choose who gets the burden of proof. In traditional American courts the prosecution has the burden. In this one the court would select its own rules. The player would be the court.

Imagine a game where you spawn somewhere randomly on an island, and you’re given a map. This map is empty, and you can fill it up when you walk around. There’s a goal to being here on this island. First of all, it would be lovely if you had a full map. You can find pieces of maps scattered so the process of completing it is easier and faster. But, there’s a main goal for being on the island. To get the Treasure. It’s somewhere in the map. Most likely in the middle on a high tower that has 1,000 flights of stairs that are unstable and non-durable. You would probably need a parachute to get down safely. But here’s the thing. You’re not alone. There are others who want the Treasure. They will do anything to get it. And so will you. So how does this settle out? You kill each other. If they aren’t your friend, they are your target. What do you do to a target? You shoot it, whack it, kick it, explode it, etc. Bottom line, the target is removed from this Earth forever. But there’s another thing. There’s still other things that can kill you. Asides from the traps and landmines and tripwires that have been randomly and discreetly hidden to make you die by moving your feet in a motion called walking, There is monsters. They appear at night, so you have time to get to safe zones. But if you’re alone out there with monsters, you’ll be ripped to shreds and become one with the dead. Sounds exciting, right? But don’t worry! There’s a few radios on the island where you can call for air support. You also have a tent that you can use, but there’s a boundary of where it can be, and that depends on how the island is configured. Also, forget about food. There are berries everywhere. Miraculously, none are poisonous. There’s a stream or a lake somewhere. Good luck playing this game that doesn’t exist yet. One more thing, the island is also sensitive to earthquakes. Have a good day!

A horror game idea. Admittedly this came from a nightmare I had. A mysterious man in a top hat would greet the player each in-game morning and urge the player to do something terrible, like harming a member of their household. The top hat man would even torture (damage) the player if the player chose to do nothing. The catch here would be creative ways a player could get out of doing what the top hat man says, including but not limited to attacking the top hat man, who would promptly move the game to the next day. I want to create a haunting experience where the player would be pressed (emotionally and mechanically) to come up with creative ways to defy the top hat man's sicko commands. Morally I believe the game would cause people to think about how to creatively defy illegal or amoral things occurring in their own lives.

